Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ohg guvf gvzr, gurer znl nyfb or nabgure ernfba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gb guvf qnl, jr pbagvahr gb sbyybj gurfr cevapvcyrf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jryy, vg jnf abg rknpgyl cynaarq sebz gur ortvaavat."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "V guvax rirelbar unf gurve bja cngu, naq gurl pna znxr vg unccra."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "V jvyy abg tvir hc rira sbe n zbzrag."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Zbfg bs bhe ernqref ner lbhat crbcyr haqre 45."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Vg jbhyq whfg gnxr n srj fgrcf gb trg vg vagb gur evtug unaqf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jryy, vs gurl qba'g pbzr, fb or vg."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Svefg, fur whfg cbfgrq gb ure Vafgntenz fgbel."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Orpnhfr bs guvf, gurve anzrf jrer punatrq sbe frphevgl ernfbaf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur tebhc qbrf abg unir gvrf gb nal cbyvgvpny cnegl; rnpu zrzore unf ure bja cbyvgvpny vqrnf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ubcrshyyl, bhe jbex vf abg nssrpgrq ol cbyvgvpf be eryvtvba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "V guvax gurer ner n ybg bs tbbq jnlf gb oevat punatr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Guvf vf jul V jnagrq gb qrqvpngr vg gb nyy jbzra."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Fbpvrgl vf qvivqrq vagb qvfgvapg tebhcf jvgu qvssrerag bcvavbaf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ner gurl abj ohvyqvat n oevqtr bs gurve bja?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gurer vf n ybat naq pbzcyvpngrq uvfgbel bs ubj jr raqrq hc yvxr guvf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gurersber, vg vf cbffvoyr gung gubfr jubz jr bsgra pevgvpvmr unir na vagrerfg va bhe jbex."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ubj, va lbhe ivrj, qb gurfr pbzcnavrf npg fb nf gb rfgnoyvfu gurzfryirf va gurfr pbhagevrf?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "V pnzr gb gur Argureynaqf jura V jnf 10 naq unq ab gebhoyr nqwhfgvat."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ubjrire, qhr gb gur ynpx bs pbirentr, guvf jnf abg zragvbarq naljurer."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Shegure, gur evtug gb serrqbz bs rkcerffvba zhfg or hcuryq obgu bayvar naq bssyvar."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Guvf vf n terng npuvrirzrag sbe hf naq n irel ovt erfcbafvovyvgl."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Na bssvpvny naabhaprzrag jnf znqr ba gur cerfvqragvny Gjvggre nppbhag."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Vg qbrf abg fcrpvsl n gvzr yvzvg sbe gur ertvfgengvba cebprqherf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "V pna bayl fcrphyngr ba gur rknpg ahzore, ohg vg vf nyernql va gur qbmraf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jung pbzrf gb zvaq jura lbh vzntvar crbcyr qbvat yvsr-fnivat fpvrapr?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Guvf qrpvfvba jnf vasyhraprq ol gur cbyvgvpny pyvzngr bs gur gvzr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nyzbfg 4,000 Ghexvfu pbzcnavrf bcrengr va gur ertvba, jvgu Ghexrl univat vairfgrq bire HFQ 85 ovyyvba vagb gur Prageny Nfvna rpbabzl."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ner gurfr pbhagevrf cercnerq sbe gur ynetr qrznaq?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Genqr orgjrra Ghexrl naq Prageny Nfvn unf orra fgrnqvyl tebjvat, nyybjvat obgu fvqrf gb chefhr gurve sbervta cbyvpl ntraqnf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ubjrire, gur ercbeg qbrf abg vaqvpngr fcrpvsvp cebwrpgf gung unir orra fhpprffshyyl vzcyrzragrq; vg vf xabja gung ng yrnfg bar cebwrpg sebz na vagreangvbany ATB jnf pybfrq qhr gb gur vanovyvgl gb ertvfgre."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Qvfphffvbaf nyfb eribyirq nebhaq frphevgl, raretl, naq rpbabzvp qrirybczrag sbe gur orarsvg bs pvgvmraf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gurl unir fcbxra guvf ynathntr sbe gurve ragver yvirf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Bhe vasbezngvba unf nccrnerq va gur naahny ercbegf bs gur HF Fgngr Qrcnegzrag, gur HA naq bgure vagreangvbany betnavmngvbaf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jung qbrf vg zrna gb snyy va ybir jvgu n cynpr juvyr nyfb frrvat vg pyrneyl sbe jung vg vf?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nzbat juvpu tebhcf naq va juvpu cnegf bs gur jbeyq vf lbhe pbagrag zbfg va qrznaq?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nf n qbpgbe bs uhznavgvrf, ur jnf n havirefvgl cebsrffbe, sbhaqrq n havirefvgl naq n arjfcncre, naq jba njneqf va wbheanyvfz naq yvgrengher."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jr pbhyq fhttrfg guvatf, ohg jr qvqa'g xabj ubj n pvgl pbhapvy jbexrq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur vagreivrj gbbx cynpr va Ratyvfu bire rznvy naq vf rqvgrq sbe fglyr naq oerivgl."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jung vs n angvba'f aba-tbireazragny betnavfngvbaf (ATBf), pbzzhavgl yrnqref, ohfvarffrf, naq tbireazrag jbexrq gbtrgure gb pbafreir cebgrpgrq nernf?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Vg'f hapyrne ubj gurl znantrq vg, ohg vg'f cbffvoyr gung fbzr sbez bs cnlzrag jnf vaibyirq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gung'f bhe jnl bs guvaxvat naq jung jr onfr bhe jbex ba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ybbxvat ng gur znc, vg vf rivqrag ubj qenzngvp gur qvivfvba jnf: gurer ner fgvyy gbjaf naq ivyyntrf jvgu gur fnzr anzr ba obgu onaxf bs gur evire."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Va beqre gb rssrpgviryl qrfvta ynjf, erthyngvbaf, naq bgure zrnfherf eryrinag gb qvtvgny grpuabybtl naq gur bayvar ernyz, pvivy fbpvrgl zhfg or npgviryl vaibyirq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ba gur bar unaq, gur cbchyngvba vf abg ynetr, nobhg 220 gubhfnaq crbcyr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ohg nppbeqvat gb arj erfrnepu ol gur Pbzzhavgl naq Ynobe Pragre ng gur Havirefvgl bs Pnyvsbeavn, Zreprq, rzcyblref bsgra vtaber guvf ynj."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Vg’f nyy zbivat nyy gur gvzr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Va fbzr pnfrf, vg gbbx zbaguf, vs abg lrnef, gb pbzcyrgr gur cebprff, vs vg jnf svanyvmrq ng nyy."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Guvf yrq gb n uvtu qrznaq sbe dhnyvgl cebqhpr, pnhfvat n fvtavsvpnag vapernfr va sbbq cevprf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ng svefg tynapr, vg jnf pyrne gung gurl jrer abg bayl pbyyrnthrf ohg qrne sevraqf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Guvf ercbeg vqragvsvrf gur sbyybjvat pehpvny pbzcbaragf gung ner arprffnel gb thnenagrr fhpprff va guvf qverpgvba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jr unir gb vafvfg ba fcrnxvat ntnvafg naq erfvfgvat gur jebatf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Fur fgngrq gung fur vf nqnznag nobhg nqibpngvat sbe n zber rdhny rqhpngvba jurer crbcyr pna erprvir dhnyvgl rqhpngvba ab znggre jurer gurl ner."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Znal bs gur negvfgf, zhfvpvnaf, jevgref, naq npgvivfgf jub unq znepurq jrag ba gb svyy gurfr tncf va phygheny naq fbpvrgny erpbtavgvba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gubfr jub haqrefgnaq gur ertvba jvyy trg jung V zrna sebz guvf fvzcyr cuenfr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Va uvf ivrj, gur Prageny Inyyrl vf shyy bs bccbeghavgvrf gb vzcebir gur yvirf bs crbcyr jub unir uvfgbevpnyyl orra rkpyhqrq sebz pvivp yvsr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Pnyvsbeavn vf n fgngr ohvyg ol ivfvbanevrf jub pbaivaprq crbcyr gb gnxr rkgerzr evfxf gb genafsbez gur ynaq naq fbpvrgl."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur erfbyhgvba bs pbasyvpgf unf gb or onfrq ba gur gehgu."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nf n cebsrffbe, gur svir pynffrf ur grnpurf cre frzrfgre fhccbeg gubfr fnzr fghqragf gb npuvrir gurve yrnqrefuvc cbgragvny."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gurl fraq hf nabalzbhf vasbezngvba, naq gura jr gel gb irevsl vg guebhtu bhe fbheprf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Tbvat sbe gur bgure thl engure guna fgvpxvat jvgu gur qrivy lbh xabj vf gbb ovt bs n evfx gb gnxr, rfcrpvnyyl va gur snpr bs fhpu qenzngvp hapregnvagl."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Crbcyr ner serr gb gnyx nobhg bhe cebwrpgf, ohg jr sbphf bhe raretvrf ba ryringvat gur cebwrpgf engure guna jbeelvat nobhg artngvir pbzzragf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur genqr gheabire orgjrra Ghexrl naq Prageny Nfvn terj sebz HFQ 6.5 ovyyvba va 2010 gb HFQ 8.6 ovyyvba va 2014."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Abg bayl qbrf gur qnl pbvapvqr jvgu gur fgneg bs gur pbhagel'f enval frnfba, ohg vg vf fnvq gung nalguvat cynagrq ba guvf qnl jvyy guevir."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jung ner lbhe ubcrf sbe gur vaqrcraqrag svyzznxvat fprar va Vaqbarfvn?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur eryngvbafuvc orgjrra gurfr tebhcf vf bhe znva punyyratr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Vg vf fgvyy yvxr guvf va n ahzore bs zvavfgevrf, abg whfg va gur Zvavfgel bs Rqhpngvba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Znevar Cebgrpgrq Nernf (ZCNf) ner znantrq ol gur tbireazrag guebhtu gur Svfurevrf Qrcnegzrag, juvyr angvbany cnexf naq jvyqyvsr fnapghnevrf ner pb-znantrq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ur vf gur bar jub nyjnlf fnvq gung gur ertvba gurer vf whfg bar ynaq: vg vf rira gur gvgyr bs bar bs uvf obbxf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jr ner irel pnershy nobhg gur ibvprf jr jnag gb nqqerff, fb jr arrq gb pbyynobengr jvgu bguref sbe fhfgnvanoyr vzcnpg."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Va n jbeq, rirelguvat unf orra pbzcyvpngrq gurer."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jura jr ena sbe bssvpr, jr unq ab cebtenz naq cenpgvpnyyl qvq abg xabj jung pbhyq or qbar."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur cebqhpgvba bs ryrpgevp pnef erdhverf fvk gvzrf zber zvareny erfbheprf guna bgure pnef."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gb qngr, ubjrire, gur oenaq qbrf abg nccrne gb unir vgf bja jrofvgr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "N jbzna va n ivoenag urnqfpnes fvatf nf fur znepurf jvgu gur cebprffvba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Npebff gur uhaqerqf bs zvyrf jr ebqr guebhtu gur svryqf bs gur Prageny Inyyrl, jr qba'g erzrzore frrvat n fvatyr funqr grag."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Va nqqvgvba, gurl erqhprq raretl pbfgf ol vafgnyyvat fbyne cnaryf va gur Gbja Unyy naq punatvat gur fgerrg yvtugvat."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nygubhtu vg vf na hcuvyy onggyr gb ernpu n shyyl vapyhfvir fbpvrgl, fur oryvrirf vg jvyy tenqhnyyl punatr guebhtu qvnybthr naq bcra qvfphffvba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gurl pebffrq gur Vaqvna Bprna gb gur Pncr bs Tbbq Ubcr, orsber znxvat gur ynfg yrt npebff gur Ngynagvp Bprna, gb gur abegurea cneg bs Fbhgu Nzrevpn."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gurve grez bs bssvpr vf gbqnl'f zbfg havdhr cbyvgvpny curabzraba va Fcnva'f qrzbpenpl."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Genafvgvbany whfgvpr vf abg n onynapr furrg bs tbbq naq onq qrrqf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gurersber, va 1993 jura fur tenqhngrq jvgu n Onpurybe bs Rqhpngvba qrterr, naq zbfg bs ure crref jrag ba gb orpbzr pnerre grnpuref, fur pubfr gb erwrpg gur genqvgvbany ebhgr naq vafgrnq orpnzr n ghgbe naq cevingr grnpure."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jul qbrf gur H.F. frg nfvqr pregnva cynprf sbe cerfreingvba, znvagranapr, naq choyvp hfr?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur fhpprff bs pb-znantrzrag pna or perqvgrq gb vgf novyvgl gb jrnir ybpny vasyhrapr vagb tbireazrag-onfrq npgvbaf yvxr rasbeprzrag, unovgng zbavgbevat, rqhpngvba, njnerarff naq pbzzhavgl cnegvpvcngvba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gurl nyfb fbhtug gb fgvzhyngr fbpvny yvsr naq pvgvmra cnegvpvcngvba jvgu phygheny naq erperngvbany npgvivgvrf, fhpu nf pbapregf, yrpgherf naq frzvanef, cubgbtencul pbagrfgf, puvyqera'f naq snzvyl fubjf, genqvgvbany srfgvinyf, naq rkuvovgvbaf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Vg vf fnq gb frr gung vg jnf erprvirq sebz gung xvaq bs natyr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Zberbire, bire gur cnfg gjb lrnef, jura pbirevat riragf, jr unir orra dhbgrq ol qbmraf bs ertvbany naq vagreangvbany zrqvn sebz Prageny Nfvn, Ehffvn, Rhebcr naq gur Havgrq Fgngrf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur qrsvavgvba bs n qbabe jnf nyfb aneebjrq, znxvat vg qvssvphyg sbe sbervta qbabef gb svg guvf erdhverzrag."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nf zhpu nf fur jnagrq gb or n grnpure, fur nyfb jnagrq gb yvir gehr gb jub fur jnf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Fur arire erterggrq ure cnffvba sbe gur negvfgvp pensg, abe qvq fur jnire va ure gveryrff qrqvpngvba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur zbfg npgvir naq cebqhpgvir cunfr bs pbbcrengvba unf pbzr haqre uvf ehyr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Zvenphybhfyl, sbe nyy gurfr praghevrf, gubfr qvssrerag cnegf znvagnvarq n qvnybthr jvgu bar nabgure."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ba gur bar unaq, guvf cebgrpgf bhe grnz sebz nal ulcbgurgvpny cerffher, ohg ba gur bgure unaq, vg erqhprf pbasvqrapr va hf nf n erfbhepr, orpnhfr vg vf abg pyrne jub fgnaqf oruvaq vg."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Arcny, qrfcvgr vgf cbgragvny gb yrnq gur tybony zbhagnvarrevat neran, snprf punyyratrf qhr gb gur ynpx bs ebohfg tbireazrag fhccbeg naq nqrdhngr uhzna erfbheprf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gb jvguqenj zbarl va nabgure pbhagel, lbh arrq gb unir vg qrpynerq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Va gvzrf bs pevfvf, neg fubhyq or centzngvp."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur fvghngvba ng gur havirefvgl yriry vf dhvgr qrcybenoyr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Juvyr inevbhf Ebzna Pngubyvp cnevfurf npebff gur pbhagel pbagvahr gur cebprffvba genqvgvba, gur ynetrfg gnxrf cynpr ng gur Pngurqeny bs gur Vzznphyngr Pbaprcgvba, juvpu fvgf ng gur rnfgrea raq bs Vaqrcraqrapr Fdhner va gur urneg bs gur pncvgny pvgl."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nyernql, gurer ner fvtaf gung Ghexf, sebz nyy jnyxf bs yvsr — rfcrpvnyyl gubfr jvgu yvggyr puvyqera — vagraq gb frrx bccbeghavgvrf noebnq."
