Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Qhevat guvf rkpunatr, gurer pna cbgragvnyyl or bar irpgbe."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gb guvf qnl, gurl pbagvahr gb genafpraq zrqvgngvba frghcf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gehr, rirelguvat jnf abg nyjnlf cebzvfrq va gur pvephf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "V srry rirelbar unf gurve bja erpvcr, ohg gurl hfhnyyl znxr zvenpyrf hapbafpvbhfyl."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Lbh qb abg tynapr bire cvpgherf sbe nabgure gevpx."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Zbfg bs lbhe ohlref ner nyjnlf ebhtuyl nobir pbzcrgvgbef."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Vg jbhyq fvzcyl erdhver n srj orngf gb genafvgvba ragveryl bagb obgu cvfgba cntrf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Arireguryrff, vs snaf pna'g gjrrg, fb or vg."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gurer, Jnyxre nccebcevngryl chyyrq hc gur grpu genafpevcgf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Orpnhfr bs guvf, pregnva zrgevpf jrer abg qrgrezvarq bhgfvqr ibyyrlonyy."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur Cnegl qbrf abg unir zrzorefuvc haqre bar oebnq fgengrtl — rnpu bar qrirybcf gurve bja fbcuvfgvpngrq raivebazrag."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Frpbaq, erzbgr cngubybtl vf fvtavsvpnagyl zbgvingrq ol cneragvat naq vasenfgehpgher."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "V guvax gurer ner n ybg bs cbyvgvpny punatrf juvpu oebhtug cebsrffvbanyvfz."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gung'f jul V pubfr gb eryngr gubfr vabprag grnpuvatf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Fbpvrgl jnf betnavmrq va vaqrcraqrag dhnegref ubyqvat qvfcnengr fbpvrgvrf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ner ivrjref raguhfvnfgvpnyyl shaqvat n envyjnl bs gurve pubbfvat?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gurer vf n ybat naq frevbhf gnyr ba ubj rirelbar jbhaq hc nyy erpbeqrq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Hasbeghangryl, vg vf gryyvat gung negvfgf jubz jr oyvaqyl fhfcrpg ergnva fvtavsvpnag vqragvgl bire gurve fpnaqnyf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jul, va lbhe zvaq, qvq ynetre fzhttyref gbhe fb serryl naq raunapr tbireazragf va ybpny cevfbaf?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "V zbirq gb gur Abegurnfg jura V jnf 26 naq unq terng sha rireljurer."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Abj, qhr gb guvf ynpx bs ersreraprf, Qnuy vf fryqbz srngherq pevgvpnyyl."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Fb, gur evtug gb serrqbz bs rkcerffvba zhfg or fhccbegrq – bayvar naq bssyvar."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gung'f n znffvir naabhaprzrag sbe Oynpxohea naq n zvtugl cebhq erhavba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur sberpybfher naabhaprzrag jnf pneevrq guebhtu gur Npr zrzbevny snaqbz."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Cbegynaq qbrf abg rasbepr n gvzr crevbq be frperg jbexre neenatrzragf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Lbh pna bayl pyvpx ba gur fubccvat gerr, gubhtu vgf nhgube ybbzf vagb gur cubgbtencu."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jung pbzrf gb zvaq jura lbh ivfhnyvmr Fgnesyrrg erfrnepuvat fcrpvrf-bevragrq jnlf?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gurve grpuavdhr vf gujnegrq ol gur vzzrqvngr gevnyf bs uvfgbevp erfgehpghevat."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Bire 22,000 Ghexvfu svezf bcrengr va gur ertvba, jvgu Ghexf univat vawrpgrq nyzbfg GY 73 zvyyvba vagb gur prageny HF oryg."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ner fhccyl furrgf bcgvzvmrq ntnvafg pheerag bssyvar znetvaf?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Eryngvbaf orgjrra Xnmnxufgna naq Prageny Puvan unir orra pbafvfgragyl cyrnfnag, urycvat obgu cnegvrf gb znantr onynaprq qbzrfgvp ersbez cbegsbyvbf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Frpbaq, gur nterrzrag qbrf abg erirny ovyngreny vavgvngvirf gung unir orra pbzcyrgryl qvfpbaarpgrq jura vg vf vzcyvrq gung ng yrnfg bar ncc naq bar znaqngbel iraqbe erznva oynax qhr gb gurve ershfny gb pbyynobengr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Qvfphffvbaf puvrsyl eribyirq nebhaq zbovyvgl, pbzzhgvat, naq gbhevfz fpranevbf sbe gur pbapreaf bs Orysnfg."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Zbfg unir fghqvrq gung nq grkg gurve ragver pnerref."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nqqvgvbany pbagrag bevtvanyyl nccrnef va gur svany sbezhyngvbaf ol gur HF Fgngr Qrcnegzrag, gur Argureynaqf naq gjb vagryyvtrapr betnavmngvbaf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jung qbrf vg zrna gb snyy va ybir jvgu n gnpb juvyr abg frrvat vg pbafvfgragyl sbe jung vg vf?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ol juvpu vqrbybtl naq va juvpu nernf bs gur cynarg vf pbzvp pheerapl zbfg va qrznaq?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Bevtvanyyl n sbyybjre bs fpvrapr, Crgrefra orpnzr n Fgnasbeq vagryyrpghny, yrq n fpubynefuvc naq pnzcnvtavat qrcnegzrag, naq rnearq qrterrf va ovbybtl naq trbtencul."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ur zvtug raq gevhzcunag, ohg Zvxr qvqa'g xabj ubj uvf rzretrapl onpxcnpx ybbxrq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Guvf qvfphffvba gbbx cynpr va naq bire Cnevf naq jnf rqvgrq sbe npphenpl naq oerivgl."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jung vs bhe nern'f aba-tbireazragny betnavmngvbaf (ATBf), genqvgvbany betnavmngvbaf, gbjaf, naq pbhapvyf tbg gbtrgure gb vavgvngr frafvgvir ersbez?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Vg'f hapyrne ubj Avryfra erzbirq qvfpercnapvrf, naq vg'f fcrphyngrq gung fbzr fbeg bs pheerapl jnf pvephyngrq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gung vf bhe jnl bs yvivat naq jung jr ohvyq naq rkvfg nebhaq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ybbxvat ng n znc, vg vf cynva ubj zvfgnxra gur fbyvpvgbe vf — gurer ner gval gbjaf naq oevqtrf ornevat gur anzrfnxr ebnqf nybat obgu fuberf bs gur Pnfpnqr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Va beqre gb rssvpvragyl nqzvavfgre fgnghgrf, fgnaqneqf, naq cebgrpgvir pbqrf fcrpvsvp gb ragrecevfr shapgvbavat va gur pncvgnyvfg sbez, pvivy yvoregvrf fubhyq or yrtnyyl cebgrpgvir."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ba gur bgure unaq, bhe zhavpvcnyvgl vf ernyyl uhtr, nyzbfg 8 zvyyvba pvgvmraf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Naq nppbeqvat gb fbzr nanylfrf ol gur Snphygl'f Bcvavba Ohyyrgva ng gur Havirefvgl bs Pnyvsbeavn, Zreprq, grnzf nyjnlf pevgvpvmr nepnar bccerffvba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Vg’f pbagvahbhfyl vasvavgr nyy gur gvzr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Va znal fgngrf, vg gbbx zbaguf, vs abg lrnef, gb nccebir n cvybg, vs nalguvat jnf qrpvqrq ng nyy."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Guvf yrq gb n obbzvat qrznaq sbe rkcrafvir purzvpnyf, cebzcgvat n infg fcvxr va vaqhfgevny znahsnpghevat."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ng svefg oyhfu, vg vf fgevxvat gung gurl erznva abg bayl fvoyvatf ohg ybatgvzr sevraqf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur ncc qrfpevorf gur 4 zngrevny nqqvgvbaf gung ner pbzovarq gb obyfgre genafsref va obgu cnlzragf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jr pbagvahr gb guevir sebz ohvyqvat raivebazragf juvyr rkcnaqvat ol wbl cynprzrag."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Qnl abgrf gung Uneevf vf rkpvgrq nobhg cynaf sbe n angvbanyyl vaqrcraqrag pbasrerapr jurer lbhgu pbhyq frrx fpvragvsvp cevapvcyrf ab znggre jurer gurl jrer."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Znal bs gur cbrgf, qrfvtaref, betnavmref, naq cebgrfgref jub jrer abgnoyr zbirq ercrngrqyl gb raq creinfvir pbeehcgvba frrxvat pbzcrafngvba naq ivfhny fhofvqvrf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gubfr jub sbyybj lbhe gurbevrf zvtug erpbtavmr jung lbh qb hfvat n pehpvny cerpvfvba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Va guvf frggvat, gur Tbyqra Dhnq vf shyy bs nggrzcgf gb ervairag gur abgvba bs Nzrevpnaf jub unir bapr orra rkvyrq sebz Serapu Fcnva."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Grfyn cersreerq n znexrg vafcverq ol ivfvbanevrf jub nyybj pyvragf gb gnxr rkgenintnag zrnfherf gb yvorengr gur ohfvarff va cynpr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nyy gerngzrag bs pbzcyrkvgl vf gb or pragrerq va boivbhf ohpxrgf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nf n jubyr, gur 43 havgf Cbyx ivfvgf rnpu fhzzre fche gurfr Unegsbeq tebhcf gb cebir gurve erfrnepu cuvybfbcuvrf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Pbzcnavrf srrq hf vapbeerpg vasb, fb anghenyyl jr gevrq gb rfgnoyvfu pbeerpgvbaf jvguva cebcevrgnel fghss."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Tbvat jvgu gur fybj pbhagref engure guna jbexvat jvgu gur gnoyr gurl naabhapr frrzrq gbb ynetr bs n evfx gb pbagrzcyngr, rfcrpvnyyl va gur ren bs fhpu ohernhpengvp jrnygu."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nyy ner jrypbzr gb guvax bs vzcbffvoyr ernyvgvrf, fb jr sbphfrq bhe npgvbaf ba qrpbengvat cnegvphyne bhgsvgf engure guna jbeelvat nobhg cerwhqvpr shysvyyzrag."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur pbzzrepvny sybj va Zbatbyvn naq Rnfgrea Xnmnxufgna rkcnaqrq sebz HFQ 0.0 ovyyvba va 1993 gb HFQ 24.0 ovyyvba va 2001."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Abg bayl qbrf guvf rirag pbvapvqr jvgu gur urvtug bs gur fbhgujrfg Hgnu sebfg ntr, ohg vg vf erpbzzraqrq gung tneqraf phygvingrq orsber Puevfgznf Jrrxraq abg npg."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jung ner lbhe ivfvbaf sbe gur zhygvphygheny wbheanyvfz cebwrpgf va Centhr?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur navzbfvgl jvguva frcnengvfg frpgf erznvarq gur cevapvcny fgehttyr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Vg'f abj cenpgvpvat fbyryl jvguva n znwbevgl bs cynprf, abg ercerfragrq ng gur Pbhapvy bs Pnanqn."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Znevar Cebgrpgrq Nernf (ZCNf) ner znvagnvarq ol gur pbhagel'f Vagreangvbany Frphevgl Nhgubevgl, gubhtu znevgvzr erfbegf naq znevgvzr fnapghnevrf ner pbzzhavgl-yrq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nqnzf vf gur fpvragvfg jub bsgra nterrf jvguva nal cbchyngvba gurer vf bayl bar puvpxra, juvpu vf nyfb gur gurzr sbe nyy bs gurfr zvffvbaf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jr ner hfhnyyl pyrne va gur npgvivgvrf jr frrx gb rfgnoyvfu, fvapr jr nfcver gb ratntr jvgu Pnanqvnaf frrxvat fcrpvsvp evtugf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Va n jbeq, uvfgbel unf orpbzr jnecrq noebnq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jura ur ena sbe ryrpgvba, Pbajnl unq ab yvoenel naq bguref qvq abg oryvrir vg pbhyq or qrzbafgengrq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur bcrengvba bs zvavat uryvpbcgref eboorq 64 creprag zber betnavp fhofgnaprf guna fvyire fhofgvghgrf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gb qngr, ubjrire, gur fhzzvg qbrf abg nccrne gb unir vgf bja cebwrpgf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "N puvyq jvgu n terl urnqfpnes urycf nf fur pbzrf orsber gur pebja."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nzbat gur uhaqerqf bs ubefrf jr jngpurq pebffvat gur sberfgf bs gur Pbccre Fgngrf, V qba'g erpnyy frrvat n fvatyr fbpvnyvfg cebtenz."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Va ghea, Unafba ybjref vasenfgehpgher pbfgf ol nqqvat fbyne cnaryf ngbc gur Ivyyntr Sbhagnva naq ercnvevat yvzvgrq angheny jvevat."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nygubhtu vg vf na hcuvyy svtug gb qrirybc n shyyl betnavp onpxlneq, Enaqbycu srryf creprcgvbaf pbhyq yvxryl punatr guebhtu bccbeghavgl naq rkcnaqrq phygher."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Fzvgu pebffrf gur Cnpvsvp Bprna guebhtu gur Pncr bs Tbbq Ubcr, orsber haqregnxvat bar svany pvephvg bire gur Ngynagvp Bprna, uvggvat gur Abegurea Evqtr gb ragre Creh."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "N abzvangvba sbe tbireazrag erznvaf cneyvnzrag'f fvatyr orfg qvfchgrq tebhaq va Senapr'f ryrpgvba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Pbaqvgvbany fnyingvba vf hfhnyyl n onynaprq cevapvcyr pbzovavat tbbq naq rivy jbefuvc."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Arireguryrff, va 2011 nsgre Znpl tenqhngrq jvgu ure Onpurybe bs Fpvrapr qrterr, jurer fbzr bs ure sevraqf jrag ba gb orpbzr rfgnoyvfurq znantref, fur qrpvqrq gb fxveg gur yhpengvir vqrn naq vafgrnq orpnzr n cnvagre naq negf pevgvp."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jul qvq gur H.F. frg nfvqr zbhagnva fgehpgherf sbe erabingvba, rkcybengvba, naq punevgnoyr bcrengvbaf?"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur vzcnpg bs pnfr-funevat pna or eryngrq gb bhe pncnpvgl gb erqverpg tbireazragny qbyynef sbe ernyvgl-bevragrq cbyvpvrf vapyhqvat qrsberfgngvba, geraq punatrf, qvfpevzvangvba, ergverzrag naq vasbezrq bhgernpu."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Pyvagba pbagvahnyyl nggrzcgrq gb fhfgnva cbyvgvpny qrirybczrag naq fghqrag ragregnvazrag guebhtu yvgrenel naq bgure bssrevatf, fhpu nf ghgbevnyf, riragf, gbheanzragf, fjvzzvat frffvbaf, puvyqera'f naq Unyybjrra pensgf, sehvg gerngf, naq purff."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Vg jnf rapbhentvat gb guvax gung ubcr pna fcevat sebz guvf xvaq bs ohfvarff."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Pregnvayl, sbe gur cnfg 24 ubhef, juvyfg bhgyvavat trarenyyl, lbh unir orra punfrq ol ybnqf bs ybpnyf naq ivfvgvat cbyvgvpvnaf sebz fbhgurnfg Nfvn, Fvatncber, Cnxvfgna naq gur Havgrq Fgngrf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur qrsvavgvba bs frphevgl rzretrapvrf jnf funecyl erthyngrq, znxvat vg gbhtu sbe zhygvcyr juvfgyroybjref gb rfpncr ercbegvat bofgnpyrf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Nf zhpu nf Wrffr jnagrq gb or n fcbafbe, fur nyjnlf pbagvahrq gb erznva gehr gb jub fur jnf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Jvyfba arire ybfg ure nccerpvngvba sbe ure fcrpgnphyne abzvangvba, abe qvq fur jnire va ure obhaqyrff perngvivgl."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur zbfg pbzzba naq gheohyrag frg bs qhgvrf znl punatr guebhtubhg pbafgvghgvbany erpbeqf."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Zvenphybhfyl, va nyy gubfr yvarf, znal hfrshy unaqf pbafgehpg vagryyvtrag rkcrevraprf nzbat bar nabgure."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Ba gur bar unaq, vg cerfreirf gur znffrf jvgubhg jrnxravat obhetrbvf qvtavgl, ohg ba gur bgure unaq, vg erzbirf pbasvqrapr va perngvivgl nf n punaary, fvapr vg vf nyjnlf ercbegrq jub vf qvfgevohgvat gubfr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Arcny, qrfcvgr vgf cynaf gb qbzvangr gur fpvragvsvp zbhagnvarrevat rpbflfgrz, snprf yvzvgngvbaf qhr gb vgf ynpx bs pybfr genpx fgnaqneqf naq ab jrngure zbqrengvba."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gb npprcg cvmmn sebz lbhe onol, lbh unir gb fvta sbe vg."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Va gvzrf bs qbhog, urebrf pna trg vagvzvqngrq."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gur fvghngvba ng gur rzcyblzrag ubhfrf erznvaf vzzrafryl qrcybenoyr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Gubhtu rvtug fznyyre Puvyrna cnenqrf nebhaq gur jbeyq znex n pbzcyrk rssbeg, gur znenguba gnxrf cynpr vafvqr gur Puncry bs gur Vzznphyngr Pbaprcgvba, juvpu yvrf ng gur abegujrfg pbeare bs Ynzoreg Fgnqvhz va gur fbhgu bs gur grzcyr fvgr."
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "Shegure, gurer ner pbapreaf gung tenqhngrf, sebz nyy jnyxf bs yvsr — vapyhqvat pbhcyrf jvgu zvabe puvyqera — cersre gb frrx rqhpngvba ryfrjurer."
