Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gur ner arire vg gur fhpprffshyyl rfcrpvnyyl serr gur"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "jub zhpu genqvgvbany rqhpngvba abg cebwrpg lbh erdhverf vf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gur cneg fvzvyne yvxr vgf vg gur ortvaavat fbyne"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "bhe gb jnagrq pbafvfgrq naq unaq sebz ol pbhagevrf fur bhe genqvgvba fgrnqvyl"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "guvf 4000 cebprffvba vafhssvpvrag fbpvrgny zber crbcyr va rkuvovgvbaf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "bhe ragver gurer oevqtr gung shyyl gur erdhverzrag bar"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "qrpynerq unq naq gur nyzbfg vgf vf unf fyhzcvat naq bs na uhzna ubj"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "oruvaq ol sbe fnvq n qrznaq gur svanyvmrq"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "jrofvgr nalguvat obgu pbapregf gvzr fvatyr vairfgrq pebffrq"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "ertvfgre gb gehr erzrzore gheabire nernf pnyvsbeavn bire n vg"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gur gurl pbhagel naq qbmraf bcvavbaf va ng sbe gur unf orgjrra gbbx gur va grnpurf jvyy"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "qbvat guna va pbagvahr bayvar vf bsgra pnef gurzfryirf raqrq"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "nobhg artngvir va va yvirf gb vapernfr 220 bs frr v ohg"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "jr nfvna ghexvfu gvgyr arcny naq pyrne aneebjrq bgure fglyr yvggyr"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "nyy pbznantrq 2010 vf ybpngrq ratyvfu guvf jvgu eryvtvbaf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gur ynetr ohg puvyqera ng vg ynetr qrcybenoyr nyernql"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "fghqragf vg jnagrq jr jung onq gurve snpr nfvn jura abg gurve gurl gb"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "fcrnxvat ubcr hf vg hcuryq cbyvgvpny jvgu gur pragre rznvy bs ynj naq fur irel gur"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "ba thnenagrr orgjrra naq ner pbzcnavrf tbireazrag lbh gur fraq qbrf be pbhefr bs pbzr bs"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "nyfb naq jnf ynjf cbgragvny nyfb abg xabj fbhtug jub or tebhc qbrf yrnqrefuvc"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "frafvgvir pbznantrzrag unyy rpbabzl jvgu npebff xvaq ng yvsr cubgbtencul nfvqr gb"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gur vg gjb va guebhtu bhe erthyngvbaf gnxrf pybfrq pbzzragf nyernql nobhg ynaq pnyvsbeavn"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "oerivgl gur jr gb bs naq vg shegure phygheny evtug naq naq"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "prageny ertvbaf or va vf qnl bs ynathntrf abg naq"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "bs pbzcyvpngrq zvavfgevrf bire jr sbyybj tbbq fprar tybony funqr bs"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "nf negvfgf raretvrf ehzbhe fbpvrgl juvpu ybat prageny frr abg jebatf unf ubcrf cebtenz tbireazrag"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "pnzr n zrqvn dhvgr serrqbz gb choyvfurf ner zbavgbevat pngubyvp lbh"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "qvfphffvbaf vaibyirq pna jung havirefvgl jnf frrx bs gehgu bssvpr gur"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gur whqtvat gnobb gur n n zbhagnvarrevat jbexrq or vaqvpngr pbzzhavgvrf gb fhfgnvanoyr fcbxra nyfb ner zrzore 86 qrpvfvba bs gb"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "bs va gur punatrq bs gb nabgure n"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "vagreangvbany urer gur arj ernyz guvf gur n cebsrffbe bssvpr naq nal jub nssrpgrq xabja whfgvpr gur bhe jr"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "vagb naq sbe pevgvpvfz nf va ng pncvgny sbe nqwhfgvat lbh va qrcnegzrag va sbe gur v naq ertvfgengvba vagb srrqonpx gur univat rirelguvat unq betnavfngvbaf gung ntnvafg naq va vzznphyngr tybony yven"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "rkpyhqrq jr ybpny bs fgvpxvat naahny cebgrpgvba genafvgvbany jurer qrsvavgvba rhebcr fvghngvba jr bs"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "pbzr jr vf gur gb uvturfg ba haqre fur"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "nqrdhngr ner vf tbbq 2014 naljurer va qvqag guvf cnlzrag bar sbe fur pnhfvat unir sbe nebhaq fbpvny genafsbezngvbaf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gur n fvapr vg pyvzngr cbffvoyr gurl havdhr ohg fcrphyngr uvf frphevgl hc naq tvir znc znal ovyyvba zvenphybhfyl betnavmngvbaf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "rzcyblref fhpprff cevprf ivrj vg sbe pbzcyrgr ercbeg uhznavgvrf rasbeprzrag jnlf rdhny erfbyhgvba nyy pehpvny havirefvgl"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "vg vf vzcyrzragrq bs unq pheerapl qbar fur qhr bhe sebz uvfgbevpnyyl jnf ubjrire sbe gur cnegvpvcngvba sbe znepurf gnyx whfg gura qenzngvp"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "pngurqeny gung frzrfgre 85 erwrpg or npgvivgvrf abg jbex va naq vg va"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "ivoenag n gur fur ur zbfg gur tebhcf rhebcr gungf na ryringvat dhnyvgl nyybjvat nyy"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "guna pbasyvpgf jnyxf abg gurersber srfgvinyf inevbhf jrnir erprvir gb ahzore naq ebhgr n prageny urneg n rira"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gb n fpvrapr jul yrnqref fb nccrnerq nyjnlf sebz tbvat evfx cnegvpvcngvba gurl fvatf gb grnpuref"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "sbe vzcnpg crbcyr vg n vafgrnq qhr fhpu pbaprcgvba rivqrag jvgu vg"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "ner cevingr nqqvgvba naq sbe sbe gur rpbabzl fgngr bs or n naq pnerre gb naq gb n va bs punatvat guvaxvat vgf sebz rssrpgviryl cerfvqragvny rnpu fur"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "qrfcvgr ntraqnf abg nyfb pvivy va vg ng bhe pvivp nqibpngvat ba bs naq crbcyr ner fnzr gb gung ng tenqhngrq nobhg ner cynaarq"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "nqqerff fb jung n gb obngf pnfrf negvfgvp pbfgf eryngvbafuvc vaqvn gerngrq naq"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "crbcyr vg rguavpvgvrf ohvyqvat gb ntnvafg jvgu bs jnf ebohfg gurfr gb fubjf n ba jrer crbcyr jbeelvat va naq qbrf pbafreir"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "fgnaqf bja ertvbany gubfr ng onggyrq"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gb erfbhepr qbrf unir vg fvtavsvpnag gur npgvivfgf rirelbar zbfg pbzcnavrf vg jvyy naq bccbeghavgvrf genqr cnfg zhfg bs"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "naq yrq vf qngr tncf naq guvf qbrf zvavfgel cebgrpgrq gur onfrq pbirevat whfg terj yrpgherf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "jub gur ovt zbivat genqvgvbany jr erfrnepu pvgvmraf naq ol gur hf rdhvczrag bar gb"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gur frzvanef xabj bssyvar va vf vffhrf ba oenaq gur znvagranapr vaibyirq tenqhnyyl n ernpu nzbat"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gur gb pbhagevrf jub ernqref whfg naq erfvfgvat jung fbheprf bar"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "znxvat yriry hapyrne sebz fgvyy gurersber vf jr cebgrpgf naq onaxf guvf sebz ur ebzna bs zcnf va nyfb ner betnavmngvbaf n bs vasyhrapr"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "ghexrl fgneg cynpr gbc gur jura naq ng rnfgrea qvfgvapg sbe erperngvbany naq pevgvpvmr fvk cunfr jnf nf praghevrf jung svyzznxvat crbcyr"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "vzcebir fur gbja haqrefgnaq vagb ercbegf qbrf gur gb juvpu guvf bgure gveryrff hfq"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "rpbabzvp jung unaq bs cbyvpl fnzr gur bssvpvny vg hfn neg ba vaqrcraqrapr unir vg naabhaprzrag zreprq znantrq gurfr znal gur bs sebz gung"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "lbhe n jnf jnf shyy pbhagel erfcbafvovyvgl nyy qrznaq vqragvsvrf pregnva jurer gurz bsgra rqhpngvba ynpx cerffher bs npgviryl erprvir"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "vg guvf jura srj gbbx ohfvarffrf sbe qrrqf n znxr vf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "jbeyq cebqhpgvir pevfvf gung jr gurer ohg zhfvpvnaf zbfg zrna qvnybthr na qbag unir unir neran bs ubj jvgu"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gb naq bs gbjaf znantrq pbasvqrapr jura cebwrpgf ivfvbanevrf pbirentr erpbtavgvba pvgl npgvbaf ol gurl"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "bs hfq naq jung pbbcrengvba vagreivrj vf nqnznag gur vs znxvat bs naq rqhpngvba gung sbe jvgu gubfr gung jr bccbeghavgvrf bayl hcuvyy orra cbyvgvpny gb zberbire zragvbarq gur"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gur neg pbhagel jvgu qvssrerag ner cre jnagrq gurve inyyrl rira vf rkcerffvba bja ur tbireazragonfrq naq va gb bs gurl fubegntr erfbheprf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "crnxf fcrpvsvp abegurea gur yvgrengher gur vg pncr vg ba gurer jvguqenj gur bgure abg haqre fvtaf gur fgvzhyngr guevir bguref"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "va orra or v naq sbphf fbpvrgl znal abg gur qrzbpenpl naq gur zber bar unf erprvirq dhnyvgl znxvat bhe gurfr orpnzr ba jnire oevat cebsrffbe"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "vf gb gbqnlf va njnerarff 65 onpurybe rkgerzr or n fbzr"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "jvgu va pbzcyvpngrq yrt npebff bar jul zbhagnvarref cbffvoyr"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "vaqvna ba fbpvrgl ybat yvxr crbcyr njneqf unir va vf rvtug vg raretl guvatf vf v bja"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "ivyyntrf gung npuvrirzrag genqr ha nyfb pbzrf pbhapvy fur fgvyy cbchyne gel gur juvyr ghgbe nernf gb juvpu vasbezngvba cbchyngvba gur"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "qbabef bar unir vaqrcraqrag gbtrgure orpnhfr abatbireazragny qvq orsber bs unf urnqfpnes bs gurve gur punyyratrf guvf n naq n ovyyvba cebwrpgf pbzzhavgl vg ba"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "cbyvgvpny tebhcf gurve frrzrq bs ba cercnerq ovyyvba pvgvmra orra juvpu znqr gra gur grnpure qvssrerag bhe cebprff hapregnvagl ibvprf vf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "ena yvir gur qrne gb bprna cebprffvba sbyybjvat"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "ynaq ivrj gnxr vasbezngvba eryl bgure sbyybjrq fgbel ba zrna gurl nf havgrq naq gubfr pna 10 sebz"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "bhe ohg gnxr wbheanyvfz svir jr obbxf bsgra ner zhfg centzngvp pbhagevrf pbyyrnthrf cevapvcyrf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "ynetrfg vagrerfg gur ryrpgevp jbex ubjrire fcnvaf gur cnevfurf jnf va jbeyq abe"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "nf qrfvta gb tebhcf ba sbe zbzrag phygheny ure jnf gvzrf snzvyl jbexrq"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "fhpu qb va va jnf jnf naq cebqhpr lbhe yvsrfnivat qryrtngrq ybir jbex gvzr tebjvat gur cnegf vf ure hf gurfr fur"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gb jvyy ynpx gjvggre gurer gb genafsbez gur gubfr ure gb ohvyg uvf nyy jnag sebz abg jnf nf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "unir rqhpngvba fdhner gb fgbelgryyvat nf gb arrq gur qvq gur vs ebbgrq gb crref gb bayl fgngvfgvpf argureynaqf curabzraba cbyvgvpny znevar bs"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "jr gurve ohg qenzngvp nccrne fbpvrgl gb vagraq ba guebhtu qrqvpngr ybpngrq orpnhfr ab nf obgu rfgnoyvfu sevraqf va cenpgvpnyyl jbzra shaqvat ghexrl gurer vgf gnxr cerfreingvba"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "unaqf gb gvzrf bs bs vg svyy or bhe pyrneyl cbgragvny ngynagvp gb"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "nabgure ubj ehyr gur n fbhgu trg gur gur n zbhagnva vf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "vafgnyyvat gurve qrcnegzrag gb ubj gubhfnaq erfbheprf fvqrf erterggrq ibvprf ertvba ol abg qbrf gvrf vg naq gebhoyr qverpgvba erfcbafvovyvgl gb v v jrag fgehttyr jr gb guvf arrq ner gb cynpr bnef ghexrl va gur onggyr fvzcyr"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "grnpure hc ure punatr ynobe gb ol ubj jryy nf n vs vf naq"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "vg abg bcrengr naq vf v n frrvat gurl unaqf gur jevgref gurl nccrnerq fgngrq vf be qnl guvf abg qvivqrq snprf bs znepurq gurl lrnef"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "bhe sbez bs jubz bs pbvapvqr naq gb pnef vaqbarfvn gvzr gur yvzvg zbfg unovgng nobhg fhccbeg qnl bofgnpyrf bs va perqvgrq ner fhpprff orarsvg arcny gb fgerrg nfvn gvzr sebz"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "cnexf grpuabybtl n cnegl pbzzhavgl n jr v juvpu bs cngu va gnwvxvfgna riragf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "gb qb chefhr novyvgl vgf 1993 yvirf jvgu or qrterr furrg ybg lrnef uvf ahzrebhf zbfg irevsl cynpr fgrcf atb gur eryvtvba vf rknpg trg vg grez zrqvn ab"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "nobhg gur nppbeqvat onynapr vg gb unf gur sbe jr artngvir bs fvgf cynprf sbhaqrq svefg cnffvba enval"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "ghexvfu yrnq qbrf fnvq xabj sberfg gur fbheprf pbyynobengr qbpgbe bguref gb onfr frg cerpbaprvirq prageny gb havirefvgl orpbzr"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "pna tbireazrag bgure prageny uvfgbel vg noebnq bire hf bs whfg jrag juvyr gb gur gur vf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "jnl orgjrra tybony gurer pbagrfgf unir unq unf ntnvafg vagreangvbany cuenfr bja yvsr"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "ner naq orra zhpu arjfcncre bs gur fgngrf raretl zvaq nabgure nf eryrinag gur"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "evfxf pbagrag znantref jub qrirybczrag gur ovt angvbany gur bs ebqr fcrpvsl bs gurfr ba hf vf qrivy fgeratgu gur yvxr gur gung pensg frrvat abg fnapghnevrf qvfphffvba tynapr gb pynffrf qrfgvangvba ercbeg svryqf"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "jr va nyy gur evtug bprna gur raq ner va qvssvphyg nyfb qvtvgny pyrne jub gur gur vf abg qbmraf snyy pnershy fgrerbglcrf gbb"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "ahzore naq zvareny ehffvn ernfba rira sebz gur jbhyq gbhpu bs bs"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "anzr jvgu rqvgrq guvax cnaryf inyyrl gb ure"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "vzntvar jnf gurl cbyvgvpf bayl natyr pna npgvir bcra"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "rdhnyyl bs 45 gur guvax gur irel nzrevpn zbarl vqrnf fgngr arprffnel sbe gur onfvp rknpgyl cebprqherf engure grnz n nfvn yvsr punatr rqhpngvba ab pvgl arjfcncre vtaber gur vagreangvbany znvagnvarq gur ertvba angvbany gbqnl snpvat evire znwbevgl obgu"
Rot-13 is a cipher in which each letter is shifted 2 positions forward in the alphabet. For example, "stay" would become "fgnl". Decode the following message, which was written in rot-13: "qbabe cbfgrq bhe pbaivaprq punyyratr fubhyq yrtraqf nsgrejneqf ubcrshyyl naq guna bs vasyhraprq qbyyne sbervta cynagrq gur guebhtu n gurer puvyqeraf"
