but this time, there may also be another reason.
to this day, we continue to follow these principles.
i think everyone has their own path, and they can make it happen.
well, if they don't come, so be it.
first, she just posted to her instagram story.
because of this, their names were changed for security reasons.
the group does not have ties to any political party; each member has her own political ideas.
hopefully, our work is not affected by politics or religion.
society is divided into distinct groups with different opinions.
there is a long and complicated history of how we ended up like this.
further, the right to freedom of expression must be upheld both online and offline.
this is a great achievement for us and a very big responsibility.
an official announcement was made on the presidential twitter account.
it does not specify a time limit for the registration procedures.
i can only speculate on the exact number, but it is already in the dozens.
this decision was influenced by the political climate of the time.
they have spoken this language for their entire lives.
the interview took place in english over email and is edited for style and brevity.
it's unclear how they managed it, but it's possible that some form of payment was involved.
that's our way of thinking and what we base our work on.
looking at the map, it is evident how dramatic the division was: there are still towns and villages with the same name on both banks of the river.
it’s all moving all the time.
in some cases, it took months, if not years, to complete the process, if it was finalized at all.
at first glance, it was clear that they were not only colleagues but dear friends.
this report identifies the following crucial components that are necessary to guarantee success in this direction.
we have to insist on speaking against and resisting the wrongs.
neither the government nor anyone else has the right to monopolize access to information and misinform the population in order to achieve their political goals.
the main difficulty is that people are afraid to directly contact us.
the resolution of conflicts has to be based on the truth.
their activity, of course, has changed but nevertheless, we know and feel that they are present in the field and support the activists and regular people in the field.
they send us anonymous information, and then we try to verify it through our sources.
going for the other guy rather than sticking with the devil you know is too big of a risk to take, especially in the face of such dramatic uncertainty.
people are free to talk about our projects, but we focus our energies on elevating the projects rather than worrying about negative comments.
not only does the day coincide with the start of the country's rainy season, but it is said that anything planted on this day will thrive.
the relationship between these groups is our main challenge.
it is still like this in a number of ministries, not just in the ministry of education.
in a word, everything has been complicated there.
when we ran for office, we had no program and practically did not know what could be done.
to date, however, the brand does not appear to have its own website.
a woman in a vibrant headscarf sings as she marches with the procession.
in addition, they reduced energy costs by installing solar panels in the town hall and changing the street lighting.
although it is an uphill battle to reach a fully inclusive society, she believes it will gradually change through dialogue and open discussion.
they crossed the indian ocean to the cape of good hope, before making the last leg across the atlantic ocean, to the northern part of south america.
transitional justice is not a balance sheet of good and bad deeds.
it is sad to see that it was received from that kind of angle.
the definition of a donor was also narrowed, making it difficult for foreign donors to fit this requirement.
she never regretted her passion for the artistic craft, nor did she waver in her tireless dedication.
the most active and productive phase of cooperation has come under his rule.
to withdraw money in another country, you need to have it declared.
in times of crisis, art should be pragmatic.
here at global voices, which publishes media and storytelling from the global majority, many of us long to see similar transformations in our communities.
eight of the top ten highest mountain peaks in the world are located in nepal, making it a popular destination for mountaineers.
much as it does today, india consisted of many religions, ethnicities and languages.
of course, not all legends are treated equally.
there is also the economy and the slumping of the national currency, the turkish lira, against the dollar.
notably, the leaders of turkey and san marino did not attend the summit.
turkey almost exclusively relies on energy imports as its domestic output covers only three percent of its energy needs.
media bias and ongoing restrictions to freedom of expression created an unlevel playing field, and contributed to an unjustified advantage of the incumbent.
some people might think that the biggest challenge is producing the film, but for me and my team, distribution is really the core of everything.
it is also unclear how the rules would be applied internationally to websites hosted abroad or whether the injunctions would be retroactive.
our brains are wired to search for an external cause of problems.
the improvements have taken time, but they have been constant and visible.
yet, today to avoid the ministry of justice's jurisdiction, donors often prefer to work through individual service contracts.
in reality, the opposite happened, and migration to the netherlands increased.
we tried to accommodate those requests by investing more time in digital security consultations, articles, and videos.
she hopes the finish line is right around the corner.
we need to work with fishermen to address this issue.
at the same time, we proceeded from the fact that our activities should be as objective as possible, and the information should be verified.
the journey initially took about three months; after the introduction of steamships, it was shortened by a month.
all films should make great messages that would be impactful for people no matter how they package them.
however, it is important to advocate for a more holistic perspective that encompasses cultural understanding, social collaboration, and sustainable development.
in anticipation of this finish line, everyone makes their own plans.
an overreaction such as this makes it difficult for malaysia to defend its position as a regional retail hotspot.
however, for peak optimisation, the different types of protected areas in belize are all managed differently.
to make this a reality, she will start with the law, studying rules and regulations for opportunities for adjustment and gradually effect changes.
she distributed the items around the room and we tried them on.
the resilience and focus that my ancestors had made me the strong woman i am today.
at the same time, the kyrgyz authorities are very optimistic about advanced technologies and digitisation initiatives.
football didn't have the proportion it has today.
i hope it happens as soon as possible.
i help them, and they help me back.
she’s learning to navigate this challenging environment.
the country also adopted the law on the creative economy park last year to create an institutional and legal framework to foster the growth of the creative economy.
to operate in this environment, some organizations work through their home offices abroad, managing many key processes from there rather than from azerbaijan.
soon after, he built academic and literary careers.
the primary visible impact is through the presence of “made in taiwan” appliances.
and that is how the donations started coming in from all over.
the state expected that speeding up the independence process would counteract the migration flow.
remarkably, she discovered her own talent at the tender age of ten and eventually shared her art with all moroccans.
it’s a safe space for us to distribute it there.
we’re making independent films because we care about social issues, and then we fundraise and make the film.
i didn’t mind spending my free time on this.
her songs had the power to bring tears to the eyes of those in the atlas mountains and entertained audiences hundreds of kilometers away on the shore of the atlantic ocean.
if what i do is right in principle, i don’t care what anyone says.
in a way, it’s like creating an ecosystem for me.
belize boasts the world’s first jaguar sanctuary.
after all, it’s nothing like buying a bicycle.
for me, i look for people i’m comfortable working with.
and if there’s so much work still to be done, that’s only evidence that small changes can make a big difference.
don’t just be at a standstill and hope you’ll survive filmmaking.
