Well, it was not exactly planned from the beginning.
I will not give up even for a moment.
We know it may take us a long time, but we are not giving up.
It would just take a few steps to get it into the right hands.
I think there are a lot of good ways to bring change.
Are they now building a bridge of their own?
There is a long and complicated history of how we ended up like this.
Therefore, it is possible that those whom we often criticize have an interest in our work.
I came to the Netherlands when I was 10 and had no trouble adjusting.
However, due to the lack of coverage, this was not mentioned anywhere.
This is a great achievement for us and a very big responsibility.
It does not specify a time limit for the registration procedures.
I can only speculate on the exact number, but it is already in the dozens.
This decision was influenced by the political climate of the time.
Almost 4,000 Turkish companies operate in the region, with Turkey having invested over USD 85 billion into the Central Asian economy.
Are these countries prepared for the large demand?
Discussions also revolved around security, energy, and economic development for the benefit of citizens.
What does it mean to fall in love with a place while also seeing it clearly for what it is?
No less than five percent of all revenues generated for PACT are deposited into an endowment fund.
Among which groups and in which parts of the world is your content most in demand?
We could suggest things, but we didn't know how a city council worked.
Looking at the map, it is evident how dramatic the division was: there are still towns and villages with the same name on both banks of the river.
In order to effectively design laws, regulations, and other measures relevant to digital technology and the online realm, civil society must be actively involved.
We have a fairly large audience, given that the population of GBAO is just over 220,000 people.
It’s all moving all the time.
In some cases, it took months, if not years, to complete the process, if it was finalized at all.
This led to a high demand for quality produce, causing a significant increase in food prices.
This report identifies the following crucial components that are necessary to guarantee success in this direction.
We have to insist on speaking against and resisting the wrongs.
She stated that she is adamant about advocating for a more equal education where people can receive quality education no matter where they are.
Many of the artists, musicians, writers, and activists who had marched went on to fill these gaps in cultural and societal recognition.
Those who understand the region will get what I mean from this simple phrase.
California is a state built by visionaries who convinced people to take extreme risks to transform the land and society.
Since then, its founder, Gwen Burchell, has been developing several strategies to generate income, including investing in social enterprises and partnerships with the government.
Their activity, of course, has changed but nevertheless, we know and feel that they are present in the field and support the activists and regular people in the field.
Going for the other guy rather than sticking with the devil you know is too big of a risk to take, especially in the face of such dramatic uncertainty.
People are free to talk about our projects, but we focus our energies on elevating the projects rather than worrying about negative comments.
What are your hopes for the independent filmmaking scene in Indonesia?
It is still like this in a number of ministries, not just in the Ministry of Education.
Marine Protected Areas (MPAs) are managed by the government through the Fisheries Department, while national parks and wildlife sanctuaries are co-managed.
He is the one who always said that the region there is just one land: it is even the title of one of his books.
We are very careful about the voices we want to address, so we need to collaborate with others for sustainable impact.
In addition, they reduced energy costs by installing solar panels in the Town Hall and changing the street lighting.
Although it is an uphill battle to reach a fully inclusive society, she believes it will gradually change through dialogue and open discussion.
They crossed the Indian Ocean to the Cape of Good Hope, before making the last leg across the Atlantic Ocean, to the northern part of South America.
Transitional justice is not a balance sheet of good and bad deeds.
Therefore, in 1993 when she graduated with a Bachelor of Education degree, and most of her peers went on to become career teachers, she chose to reject the traditional route and instead became a tutor and private teacher.
Moreover, over the past two years, when covering events, we have been quoted by dozens of regional and international media from Central Asia, Russia, Europe and the United States.
It was quite still and the sky was blue.
As much as she wanted to be a teacher, she also wanted to live true to who she was.
She never regretted her passion for the artistic craft, nor did she waver in her tireless dedication.
Miraculously, for all these centuries, those different parts maintained a dialogue with one another.
Nepal, despite its potential to lead the global mountaineering arena, faces challenges due to the lack of robust government support and adequate human resources.
Here at Global Voices, which publishes media and storytelling from the global majority, many of us long to see similar transformations in our communities.
Eight of the top ten highest mountain peaks in the world are located in Nepal, making it a popular destination for mountaineers.
Some of the managers of those organizations had to leave the country afterwards.
We are facing a shortage of people, strength, hands, boats, and even basic equipment like oars.
Most of our readers, judging by the statistics, are located in Russia and Tajikistan, followed by the USA, Europe and other countries.
To explore the impact of this ruling on these issues, I interviewed the lawyer Varela.
Each time a community in the US changes a street name, adds a new class to the curriculum, or publishes in a new language, they are making a statement about who belongs.
I myself tried to create a center, but failed.
There are now over 700 addresses marked on the map.
It is present here and all over the world.
They are not issued accreditation by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Tajikistan.
Media bias and ongoing restrictions to freedom of expression created an unlevel playing field, and contributed to an unjustified advantage of the incumbent.
Some people might think that the biggest challenge is producing the film, but for me and my team, distribution is really the core of everything.
Technology is often wrongly viewed as politically neutral, when the truth is that whether it has a beneficial or bad impact on politics depends on who owns it or has considerable access to it.
It is also unclear how the rules would be applied internationally to websites hosted abroad or whether the injunctions would be retroactive.
Ninety years after the Dust Bowl, farmworkers in the Central Valley are continuing to lead this tradition of science to study, extend, and relieve the extremes of human endurance in hostile environments.
As well as having his drawing chosen, Schlee got an internship at the newspaper that organized the competition in Rio de Janeiro.
He is now based in Taiwan as a fellow from the Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Canada's Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council, and his research interests center around the intersections of politics, international relations, and ethnic studies.
They are now poised to inspire the next generation of creative individuals in Kyrgyzstan and beyond.
Yet, today to avoid the Ministry of Justice's jurisdiction, donors often prefer to work through individual service contracts.
He affirmed that Hadda and Bennacer shared not only an artistic connection but also a profound human bond, creating a truly exceptional duo.
Their community has lived in mountainous regions for generations and has mastered the ability to survive in this challenging atmosphere on a daily basis.
Here is a YouTube video about the potential of the Middle Corridor to become the primary land bridge between Europe and Asia.
These include the Faculty of Education, where Paramee studied.
In Belize, this is more than just a hopeful wish.
For 27 years now, she has made a living teaching social science to high school students around Thailand.
She hopes the finish line is right around the corner.
From there, she emerged as a shining presence in the Moroccan music scene, ultimately becoming an iconic figure of Amazigh music.
However, it is important to advocate for a more holistic perspective that encompasses cultural understanding, social collaboration, and sustainable development.
To make this a reality, she will start with the law, studying rules and regulations for opportunities for adjustment and gradually effect changes.
Swatch's chief executive officer Nick Hayek insisted that the design of the watches is not political.
Building communities is more like finding a home — finding a collective you can rely on creatively and emotionally as a creative person.
Filmmaking is a very difficult and tough industry, but at the same time, it gives you fulfilment and contentment after you see your creation.
Over iced drinks, Melissa told us about the stories she loved.
She distributed the items around the room and we tried them on.
My generation of producers and I are now thinking of how to make the film practice sustainable.
Hearing Melissa talk, I'm reminded of debates about the function of journalism in democracies.
She was celebrated by the media, and her songs brought joy to Amazigh weddings throughout the Atlas region.
Their effort was rewarded with the conclusive result of the ballots that guaranteed them a second term.
Alina is a Candidate Master of Sports in the pentathlon, meaning fencing, shooting, horse racing, swimming, and running.
For many years, vendors have been selling six-packs of Prestige jelly donuts, with their familiar pink and white design, at traffic lights and bus parks across the city, while some donut sellers make a living by walking through communities, selling the soft, sticky, English-style pastries.
But for there to be any sustainable positive impact on the Caribbean stronger measures are required.
I think the most crucial thing is film distribution.
Similar mix-ups occurred at international sporting finals, including at a prizegiving ceremony of a weightlifting championship in Dubai and, most recently, at a February ice hockey game in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Football didn't have the proportion it has today.
Do you think that this recent Ecuadorian ruling sends a signal to other countries in the region?
Orysia works as a mentor in physical development and security at the Academy.
