But this time, there may also be another reason.
To this day, we continue to follow these principles.
I think everyone has their own path, and they can make it happen.
I will not give up even for a moment.
It would just take a few steps to get it into the right hands.
First, she just posted to her Instagram story.
Because of this, their names were changed for security reasons.
The group does not have ties to any political party; each member has her own political ideas.
Hopefully, our work is not affected by politics or religion.
This is why I wanted to dedicate it to all women.
Society is divided into distinct groups with different opinions.
There is a long and complicated history of how we ended up like this.
Therefore, it is possible that those whom we often criticize have an interest in our work.
However, due to the lack of coverage, this was not mentioned anywhere.
Further, the right to freedom of expression must be upheld both online and offline.
This is a great achievement for us and a very big responsibility.
An official announcement was made on the presidential Twitter account.
It does not specify a time limit for the registration procedures.
I can only speculate on the exact number, but it is already in the dozens.
This decision was influenced by the political climate of the time.
Trade between Turkey and Central Asia has been steadily growing, allowing both sides to pursue their foreign policy agendas.
Discussions also revolved around security, energy, and economic development for the benefit of citizens.
They have spoken this language for their entire lives.
As a doctor of humanities, he was a university professor, founded a university and a newspaper, and won awards in journalism and literature.
The interview took place in English over email and is edited for style and brevity.
Looking at the map, it is evident how dramatic the division was: there are still towns and villages with the same name on both banks of the river.
In order to effectively design laws, regulations, and other measures relevant to digital technology and the online realm, civil society must be actively involved.
But according to new research by the Community and Labor Center at the University of California, Merced, employers often ignore this law.
In some cases, it took months, if not years, to complete the process, if it was finalized at all.
At first glance, it was clear that they were not only colleagues but dear friends.
This report identifies the following crucial components that are necessary to guarantee success in this direction.
We have to insist on speaking against and resisting the wrongs.
Many of the artists, musicians, writers, and activists who had marched went on to fill these gaps in cultural and societal recognition.
Those who understand the region will get what I mean from this simple phrase.
In his view, the Central Valley is full of opportunities to improve the lives of people who have historically been excluded from civic life.
California is a state built by visionaries who convinced people to take extreme risks to transform the land and society.
The resolution of conflicts has to be based on the truth.
As a professor, the five classes he teaches per semester support those same students to achieve their leadership potential.
They send us anonymous information, and then we try to verify it through our sources.
Going for the other guy rather than sticking with the devil you know is too big of a risk to take, especially in the face of such dramatic uncertainty.
People are free to talk about our projects, but we focus our energies on elevating the projects rather than worrying about negative comments.
The relationship between these groups is our main challenge.
It is still like this in a number of ministries, not just in the Ministry of Education.
He is the one who always said that the region there is just one land: it is even the title of one of his books.
We are very careful about the voices we want to address, so we need to collaborate with others for sustainable impact.
In a word, everything has been complicated there.
When we ran for office, we had no program and practically did not know what could be done.
The production of electric cars requires six times more mineral resources than other cars.
To date, however, the brand does not appear to have its own website.
A woman in a vibrant headscarf sings as she marches with the procession.
In addition, they reduced energy costs by installing solar panels in the Town Hall and changing the street lighting.
Although it is an uphill battle to reach a fully inclusive society, she believes it will gradually change through dialogue and open discussion.
They crossed the Indian Ocean to the Cape of Good Hope, before making the last leg across the Atlantic Ocean, to the northern part of South America.
Transitional justice is not a balance sheet of good and bad deeds.
It is sad to see that it was received from that kind of angle.
The definition of a donor was also narrowed, making it difficult for foreign donors to fit this requirement.
As much as she wanted to be a teacher, she also wanted to live true to who she was.
She never regretted her passion for the artistic craft, nor did she waver in her tireless dedication.
The most active and productive phase of cooperation has come under his rule.
Miraculously, for all these centuries, those different parts maintained a dialogue with one another.
On the one hand, this protects our team from any hypothetical pressure, but on the other hand, it reduces confidence in us as a resource, because it is not clear who stands behind it.
Nepal, despite its potential to lead the global mountaineering arena, faces challenges due to the lack of robust government support and adequate human resources.
In times of crisis, art should be pragmatic.
While various Roman Catholic parishes across the country continue the procession tradition, the largest takes place at the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception, which sits at the eastern end of Independence Square in the heart of the capital city.
Here at Global Voices, which publishes media and storytelling from the global majority, many of us long to see similar transformations in our communities.
Eight of the top ten highest mountain peaks in the world are located in Nepal, making it a popular destination for mountaineers.
The sources the newspaper cited appeared to rely on conjecture and rumour.
Some of the managers of those organizations had to leave the country afterwards.
We are facing a shortage of people, strength, hands, boats, and even basic equipment like oars.
The responsibility for forest protection was delegated to the regions, which often struggle with insufficient funding.
Much as it does today, India consisted of many religions, ethnicities and languages.
Of course, not all legends are treated equally.
For them, art seemed unattainable as they battled against numerous obstacles rooted in preconceived stereotypes.
There is also the economy and the slumping of the national currency, the Turkish Lira, against the dollar.
