But this time, there may also be another reason.
I think everyone has their own path, and they can make it happen.
The group does not have ties to any political party; each member has her own political ideas.
Going for the other guy rather than sticking with the devil you know is too big of a risk to take, especially in the face of such dramatic uncertainty.
Not only does the day coincide with the start of the country's rainy season, but it is said that anything planted on this day will thrive.
They crossed the Indian Ocean to the Cape of Good Hope, before making the last leg across the Atlantic Ocean, to the northern part of South America.
Transitional justice is not a balance sheet of good and bad deeds.
The most active and productive phase of cooperation has come under his rule.
Of course, not all legends are treated equally.
It is present here and all over the world.
In Belize, this is more than just a hopeful wish.
At the same time, we proceeded from the fact that our activities should be as objective as possible, and the information should be verified.
All films should make great messages that would be impactful for people no matter how they package them.
However, it is important to advocate for a more holistic perspective that encompasses cultural understanding, social collaboration, and sustainable development.
Information is coming in various forms, often contradictory.
The resilience and focus that my ancestors had made me the strong woman I am today.
At the same time, the Kyrgyz authorities are very optimistic about advanced technologies and digitisation initiatives.
The country also adopted the Law on the Creative Economy Park last year to create an institutional and legal framework to foster the growth of the creative economy.
Soon after, he built academic and literary careers.
Her songs had the power to bring tears to the eyes of those in the Atlas Mountains and entertained audiences hundreds of kilometers away on the shore of the Atlantic Ocean.
I think what’s helped is before we screen the films, we have a focused group discussion and screen tests.
