World Sea Turtles Day, marked annually on June 16, raises awareness for the protection and conservation of the species by educating people about their importance to marine ecosystems.
As a keystone species, turtles directly influence their environment in tangible ways that include everything from controlling the numbers of their prey to ensuring the health of seagrass beds and coral reefs.
The pressing need for their preservation has also helped to boost the livelihoods of regional coastal communities, some of which have organised themselves into turtle-watching and protection groups.
If a keystone species dies out or is removed from a habitat, the balance of that entire ecosystem can be thrown off, causing a negative ripple effect on dependent marine life.
Five of the most common to the shores of Trinidad and Tobago — leatherbacks, hawksbills, loggerheads, olive ridleys and green turtles — run the gamut from being vulnerable to critically endangered.
Yet, poaching continues to pose a serious threat, as does the increasing fragility of marine habitats.
This is of grave concern to Caribbean environmentalists, who are speaking out against high levels of plastic pollution plaguing the region, as well as the looming possibility of deep-sea mining.
On Facebook, Michelle Cazabon-Mannette, an environmental biologist who is a technical advisor at Save Our Sea Turtles Tobago and a director at SpeSeas, noted:
CITES, an acronym for the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, is an international agreement aimed at ensuring that trading in specimens of wild animals and plants does not threaten the survival of the species.
This is a global issue and also hits home here in T&T where leatherback bycatch in drift nets is a significant issue.
Posting an image of a dead leatherback entangled in a drift net off Trinidad's north coast during the 2023 nesting season, it added:
More work needs to be done to quantify the mortality from this impact here and in the region.
Could this be a major contributor to the decline observed in our Northwest Atlantic population?
A couple of weeks earlier, in time for World Turtle Day on May 23, Tradition Sailing Anguilla posted a beautiful image of a sea turtle swimming:
Ways to help protect and preserve sea turtles is by reducing marine debris, meaning don't litter – keep the beaches clean and mind anything that can blow into the ocean.
Reducing plastic use is an enormous way to help not only sea turtles but the environment.
Encourage businesses and homes, especially those along a beach to turn off beachfront lights at night and eliminate the use of plastic straws/cups and don't use the beach to dispose of cigarette butts.
The Barbados Sea Turtle Project recently completed training a cadre of volunteers to help with beach patrol and turtle monitoring during the nesting season:
Our teams will be on the beaches of Barbados day and night collecting data and ensuring the safety of our critically endangered mums and hatchlings.
The season is off to a roaring start – lots of turtle activity and already a turtle in the road in Speightstown.
Thanks to Joshua who saw her and called, she was returned to the beach before the worst could happen.
These ancient mariners have navigated the world's oceans for more than a hundred million years, however, and one Trinidadian naturalist, Ian Lambie, took the opportunity to remind people of just how amazing these creatures are.
Ruby was found on the beach at Las Cuevas Bay in May 2020 having travelled 12,892 kilometres, and Isabel who was tagged in July 2019 in Halifax, was recovered on the beach at Grand Rivière Bay in May 2020, having travelled 12,252 kilometres.
Whether travelling long distances, heaving themselves onshore and digging nests to lay their eggs, or scrambling back to sea to begin the journey all over again, turtles are fascinating creatures — beautiful, critical to the marine environment, and without doubt, worth saving.
All five regional leaders congratulated Erdoğan on his victory, with Uzbekistan’s president Shavkat Mirziyoyev calling to congratulate even before the announcement of the official results.
All presidents except Tajikistan’s Emomali Rahmon attended the inauguration ceremony, during which Erdoğan cordially greeted them on his way to the podium.
The two sides have used the theme of Turkic brotherhood to build multifaceted cooperation, which has expanded significantly in the last several years.
After the cooling off in the relations in the 1990s and early 2000s, the blossoming of cooperation between Turkey and Central Asia has come to pass under Erdoğan’s rule.
Turkey was the first country to recognize the independence Central Asian states and establish diplomatic ties following the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991.
However, Turkey's lack of robust financial and military institutions, and its inability to offer large-scale support turned the region towards other regional and global players, such as Russia, China, and the US.
It gained institutional form in 2009, when the heads of states of Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and Turkey established the Cooperation Council of Turkic-Speaking States (CCTS).
Here is a YouTube video on the Cooperation Council of Turkic-Speaking States that turned into the Organization of Turkic States in 2021.
In practice, Turkey gained a platform for exerting its influence and expanding its footprint in Central Asia and beyond, whereas the regional states added another actor to balance out Russian and Chinese influence in the region.
The establishment of the CCTS also kickstarted Turkey’s increased economic engagement with the region in the form of investments and trade.
The CCTS has grown to include Uzbekistan as a member and Turkmenistan and Hungary as observer parties to the organization.
The renaming was a further sign of Turkey and Central Asia’s commitment to deepen cooperation.
At the first OTS summit in Samarkand, Uzbekistan, in 2022, its member states laid out plans to coordinate foreign policies and enhance cooperation in the academic, transport, trade, customs, and digitalization spheres.
Almost 4,000 Turkish companies operate in the region, with Turkey having invested over USD 85 billion into the Central Asian economy.
In 2022, the total trade turnover reached a historic high of USD 12.33 billion.
The OTS member states have a common interest in transport cooperation to turn the so-called Middle Corridor, a route connecting Asia with Europe and running through the territories of the OTS member states and Georgia, into a viable transport corridor for the flow of goods.
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and its fall under unprecedented sanctions has made transporting goods from China to Europe via the Eurasian Northern Corridor difficult and provided an impetus for developing the Middle Corridor.
The success of this new transport route will provide landlocked Central Asia with access to the sea and global markets and help turn Turkey into a major energy transit hub.
Here is a YouTube video about the potential of the Middle Corridor to become the primary land bridge between Europe and Asia.
The turning point was Turkey’s support of Azerbaijan in the Second Nagorno-Karabakh War against Armenia in the fall of 2020, when Turkish military drones gave Azeri forces the decisive technological advantage.
Here is a Facebook post by the head of Kyrgyzstan's State National Security Committee, Kamchybek Tashiev, with the Turkish Akinci drone.
Central Asian presidents celebrated Erdoğan’s victory in the presidential elections understanding they will continue having a familiar, reliable, and eager partner in Turkey under his rule.
In the past several years, Russia and Canada have experienced an escalation of wildfires before summer begins.
However, propaganda and the lack of information surrounding the Russian invasion of Ukraine has led to moral panic that seeks to blame “enemies” for the devastating consequences of wildfires in Russian regions.
Over the years, various groups such as the “opposition,” Navalny‘s movement, anarchists, and London-based politician in exile Mikhail Khodorkovsky, have been accused of starting these fires, but no evidence has ever been found to support these allegations.
The latest scapegoat to emerge is “Ukrainian saboteurs.” Journalist Marina-Maya Govzman, writing for Spektr and the Novaya Vkladka online independent Russian language media, explains why this phenomenon occurs.
On May 25, 2023, images circulated on social media depicting a man wearing khaki trousers and a thick jacket.
He was seen kneeling with his hands tightly bound and secured to a tree with a belt.
The caption accompanying the photo read: “Organized saboteur brigades travel through the forests, preparing and igniting piles of brushwood before quickly departing.
The individual captured in this photo is one of the apprehended saboteurs.” It soon became evident that the person detained by volunteers, instantly labeled as a Ukrainian saboteur on social media, was merely a traveler on a journey from Yekaterinburg to Khabarovsk.
The government information center of the Tyumen region published the man's photo and confirmed that he had not started any fires.
Initial reports of wildfires emerged in late April 2023, with regions such as Sverdlovsk, Tyumen, Omsk, Kurgan in the Urals and Siberia regions of Russia, and the far east being affected.
As of May 2023, a special fire protection regime had been established in 57 regions of the Russian Federation.
In one chat, a frequently forwarded message read: “Sabotage activities are taking place all over the Tyumen, Sverdlovsk, and Kurgan regions.
The village of Yuldus in the Kurgan region, inhabited by the Tatar ethnic minority, suffered the most severe consequences this spring.
The final death toll has yet to be announced by the authorities, but it currently stands at 21 people.
The village of Sosva in the Sverdlovsk region suffered severe devastation as well.
Within a short period, the fire ravaged 124 residential buildings, claimed the lives of two people, and engulfed a local correctional colony with a hospital that treated prisoners with active tuberculosis.
On May 7, the governor of the region, Yevgeny Kuyvashev, declared the situation “critical” and requested federal assistance.
If the wind picks up, sparks will fly, reigniting the fire elsewhere.
Alyona, a volunteer coordinating efforts across Russia, mentioned the possibility of sabotage.
Alexandra Arkhipova, an anthropologist and folklorist,  argues that the belief in “Ukrainian saboteurs” is a classic example of a social phenomenon known as “moral panic.”
Fires in the Urals and Siberia occur every spring, yet every year it becomes evident that the regions are ill-prepared for them, and unfortunately, lives are lost.
When there is societal tension surrounding a problem, and the real underlying cause is not revealed due to various reasons, people begin to construct a specific character — an enemy and deviant — who is held responsible for these troubles.
People unite in the pursuit of these perceived dangerous enemies, and in the process, moral norms are reevaluated.
This is not the first instance in Russia where arsonists are sought and labeled as “saboteurs.” For instance, in 2015, Nikolai Rogozhkin, the presidential envoy to the Siberian Federal District, suggested that forest fires could be the work of “specially trained opposition.”
In May 2022, Galina Kudryavtseva, a member of the Voronezh Public Chamber, claimed that the fires in the Trans-Urals were orchestrated by supporters of Navalny and Khodorkovsky.
Anthropologists emphasize the importance of how societal norms undergo reconfiguration during a “moral panic.” According to Arkhipova, during times of war, vigilance intensifies, justifying any actions, as people must constantly anticipate betrayal and remain prepared for it.
To be frank, the situation at the front is not reassuring, and the belief in saboteurs provides answers to several questions: why the fires occur, why the war started, why it must be continued, and why it is essential to emerge victorious.
On one hand, Ukrainians are considered a fraternal people, while on the other hand, we are at war with them.
We find ourselves in a situation of mild schizophrenia, as the grassroots image of the enemy begins to take shape within society.
According to the Global Forest Watch organization, Russia has lost more trees to forest fires over the past two decades than any other country, amounting to 53 million hectares.
In addition to climate change, the shortage of specialists and financial resources exacerbates the situation.
The main causes are fire-prone economic practices and general carelessness within the population.
Alexander Kryshen, the director of the Forest Institute at the Karelian Scientific Center of the Russian Academy of Sciences, highlighted the lack of infrastructure and immediate response capabilities in Russia.
Roman Kotelnikov, director of the Krasnoyarsk Center of Forest Pyrology, emphasized that it is the responsibility of foresters to combat fires, but there is currently a severe shortage of personnel in the industry.
According to him, implementing social security measures and providing forestry workers with a decent salary would have a significant positive impact on forest protection.
The process of rebuilding the forestry sector in Russia began in the early 2000s.
Initially, on May 17, 2000, the Federal Forestry Service was dissolved, and its responsibilities were transferred to the Ministry of Natural Resources.
Then, in 2007, the new Forest Code eliminated the concept of forestry enterprises in Russia and abolished the position of foresters.
As a result of substantial workforce reductions, the number of forestry workers decreased fivefold, from 160,000 to 32,000.
The responsibility for forest protection was delegated to the regions, which often struggle with insufficient funding.
Many experts believe that personnel shortages are contributing to the devastating yearly forest fires in the country.
“The negative trend in climate will continue at least until the 2060s, independent of our success in climate mitigation,” warned Petteri Taalas, Secretary-General of the World Metrological Organization.
Climate change, and not arsonists imagined during the moral panic, in combination with the lack of resources, chaotic infrastructure, and individual negligence, adds to the severity and continuity of wildfires in Russia.
When the photojournalist Hector Amezcua took a photo of Ivan Sigal and me at the steps of the California State Capitol in Sacramento, I felt a sense of accomplishment.
Ivan and I had just bicycled hundreds of miles from Bakersfield along the route of the 1966 Farmworkers March, seeking to understand the past, and meet emerging leaders of California's Central Valley.
To reach the Capitol, we'd braved extreme heat, climbed six thousand feet into the Sierra Nevada Mountains, fixed many flat tires, and challenged my respiratory disability with some of the worst air quality in the US.
But Hector's next sentence quickly deflated my illusions of grandeur: “People who retrace the march typically take photos here,” he said, “after mass at La Virgen de Guadelupe Church.” Just last year, a group of farm workers spent weeks walking 335 miles along the historic route to advocate for a California law that would lower barriers to union recruitment.
After President Joe Biden expressed support for the law, California governor Gavin Newsom signed the bill which could restore the power of farmworker unions after decades of suppression.
A few days earlier, we had met Gloria Gonzalez, a farmworker from Parlier who joined the 2022 union march.
Gloria drove every morning to the start, walked all day, then drove back home each night to take care of her family, at a time when gas prices were at an all-time high.
Over the six days we’d been following the route and meeting leaders in the Central Valley, I found myself thinking about the legendary labor activist César Chavéz, co-founder of the United Farm Workers union and a key organizer of the farmworkers march, and asking the question: what role should legendary figures like Chávez play in civic life?
This year, when the US Senate considers a National Park along the route, they will vote on the “César E. Chávez and the Farmworker Movement National Historical Park.” Just around the corner, Sacramento's César Chávez Plaza serves as the city’s local farmer's market, and dozens of communities along our route have named roads, schools, and community centers after Chávez and his fellow march organizers Dolores Huerta and Larry Itliong.
My White friends sometimes ask if we should continue to idolize figures like Chávez at a time when Americans are questioning the meaning of so many of our statues, monuments, and symbols.
After internationally visible political victories in the 1960s, Chávez became trapped by his own celebrity, growing into a controlling figure who demanded cult-like loyalty from a shrinking group of followers.
Writing about his former allies, biographer Miriam Pawel mentions a similar unease: “They had worshipped Chavez and become disillusioned, basked in his tutelage and endured his wrath.” Is that the kind of person we should memorialize with a National Park?
César Chávez on the steps of the California State Capitol in Sacramento.
Then I thought of all the people outside of the camera frame of history's legends, people like Hector Amezcua, one of the very first people in the United States to major in Chicano Studies at university.
Their work on the history and legend of the Farmworkers March created countless institutions and opportunities for people like Hector and me.
As a Spanish-speaking US journalist, Hector was able to cover the 1994 elections in Guatemala that ended the civil war and genocide that my family escaped in the 1970s.
And during the COVID-19 pandemic, Hector worked with a local university to coordinate the creation of indigenous language health resources in Mam, my father's ancestral language.
As a professor of Communication, I teach my students to think about stories and monuments as symbols of cultural representation and recognition— that stand for something more than a person or event.
When the farmworker movement chose to march from Delano to Sacramento in 1966, they were intentionally creating a legend.
The examples of Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr. had taught international media how to write about visionary leaders on a march for justice.
The march organizers understood then what media scholars came to see decades later: that newsrooms are factories for producing stories, and successful campaigns are those that are effective at providing journalists with the raw material for scripts they already know how to write (Fishman 1980).
The organizers may not have realized how the same heroic scripts would also impose limits on what Chávez and the movement could accomplish.
At a time when universities are fighting to maintain statues of bloody colonizers like Cecil Rhodes and slaveholders like Jonathan Edwards, I sometimes wish I lived in a world of equal-opportunity criticism of our public heroes.
But maybe the imperfection of Chávez is another reason to make him a symbol.
California is a state built by visionaries who convinced people to take extreme risks to transform the land and society.
Joan Didion, who chronicled the fervor of California’s larger-than-life leading men with piercing wit in the aptly titled “White Album,” wrote that there’s nothing more American than a charismatic man with ambition, hubris, and a cause.
In a country built on displacement and stolen land, heroic legends become the seed for new possibilities to flourish.
Each time a community in the US changes a street name, adds a new class to the curriculum, or publishes in a new language, they are making a statement about who belongs.
In recent years, scientists have found that including ethnic studies in high school curriculums results in large increases for students from those ethnic groups in school attendance, in the likelihood of graduating from high school, and in the probability of enrolling in college (Bonilla et al 2021).
As Marshall Ganz, co-organizer of the 1966 March, has argued, stories matter because they inspire us to fit our own life into a larger story of the world we want (Ganz 2011).
When the 1966 Farmworkers March arrived at the steps of the state Capitol in Sacramento, they were celebrating what they called a “peregrinación,” a pilgrimage that all were invited to join.
Like all pilgrimages, the journey was a witness to the truth, a time of reflection, and an opportunity to transform both the marchers and the communities that they passed through.
Pilgrimage always combines a renewal of the past with a new path to a shared future.
Whether or not the Farmworker March is memorialized in a National Park, this route and its legend will continue to be a source of inspiration and renewal for those who travel it, as it has been for me.
Countless residents of Mariupol, a city in the Donetsk region that was largely destroyed by Russian forces in 2022, have relocated to Dnipro, the nearest large city in the east, and are now helping those who have also lost their homes and livelihoods.
One day, a girl entered a café called Little Mariupol in Dnipro carrying a clay pot.
The staff put it on a shelf with other artifacts which reminded them of the city their business was named after.
From the girl's short explanation, they learned that the pot was somehow — with no details about how — taken from Mariupol, where it had been part of a museum of Ukrainian life organized by the Cathedral of St. Petro Mohyla.
The pot gained special significance as the Russian occupants had looted and demolished the city.
The Petro Mohyla cathedral was famous not only among parishioners of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church.
Since the late 1990s, it housed a charitable kitchen for those in need.
Several years ago, a local activist Kyrylo Dolimbayev joined the clergy and turned the church into a cultural center.
They established a library of Ukrainian literature, a bandura musical school, and foreign languages and folk crafts courses.
Inside, they decorated the building with Petrykivka paintings, a traditional Ukrainian ornamentation style.
It is usually painted in various shades of red and yellow, but in Mariupol, a port city, they verged away from this custom and used blue and white paint to symbolize the sea.
He was warned that the Russians had put him on their “shooting list.” They robbed the church and burned the library.
The senior priest was the last to evacuate when the city was nearly encircled.
But a week after the beginning of the full-scale invasion, people from Mariupol created a new humanitarian hub in a service station in Dnipro, where they had fled.
We restored the library which the Russians burned in Mariupol, and we provide free psychological and legal aid.
After considering which kind of a humanitarian center could potentially earn money and, in the longer run, become self-sufficient, Kyrylo chose to create a social enterprise.
Near the community space, a tiny shop opened named Little Mariupol Local Food.
They became friends recently because Valya came from Mariupol and Lina from Izyum in the Kharkiv region — both towns were heavily bombed at the initial stage of the Russian full-scale invasion of Ukraine.
In Izyum, Lina stayed with her family in a basement after the first bomb fell on the town.
They spent two weeks without phone or internet connection and didn't even know that the Russians had already reached the opposite side of the river until days later.
Once the territorial defense fighters knocked on the door to the basement and said that it was time to evacuate, Lina and her family left.
Valya says that she was lucky: “I didn't lose anyone, didn't bury anyone in the yard, no one was killed by a blast before my eyes.” All of her family managed to evacuate.
“Once, I saw a video from Izyum, from the street where my mother lived.
She realized that that was not the right time to relax.” The liberation of Izyum was almost five months ahead.
Internally displaced people have to endure intense fear for their loved ones who remained under the occupation while also searching for people with whom they lost contact with in the confusion.
But in Dnipro, it is just the two of them while the rest of their family is still in the occupied Severodonetsk in the Luhansk region.
In the first days of the full-scale invasion, she and her daughter stayed in their apartment, but at the beginning of March, the house was shelled, so they had to move to a humanitarian center which was located in a local ice stadium; it is in ruins now.
A driver managed to take them to the center, in a rare pause in the shelling.
Later, the Russians shelled the stadium, as well.
The driver was also shelled; he lost his car and part of his leg because of the injury.
Alina saw him later in the humanitarian center so she knew that the man had survived, but she never learned whether he managed to leave the city before it was occupied.
Alina is a Candidate Master of Sports in the pentathlon, meaning fencing, shooting, horse racing, swimming, and running.
In Dnipro, Alina came first to the regional federation for the contemporary pentathlon, but they already had a complete team, boys only.
Instead of swimming — I exercised with a loop band: I hooked it on a tree, wound it around a trunk, and took the ends in my hands, and I made moves like I would while swimming.
Branches of “little Mariupol” in Dnipro are gradually restoring what was developed by local cultural activists in the latest years in the Azov sea shore: musical evenings, language courses, and folk crafts classes.
The church with the blue and white ornament remained under occupation, but in Dnipro, classes of Petrykivka painting have been held instead.
Recently, a kitchen was established in the city to cook hot food for the Good Morning, We Are from Mariupol hub.
But, after all, the hope of the occupied lands lies in their people who are ready to rebuild everything — even if it starts from a humanitarian center in another city.
Belarus is both a victim of and a tool for Russia in its full-scale invasion of Ukraine.
Can poetry and translation establish a fragile bridge between Ukraine and Belarusians who oppose the autocratic regime of Belarusian president Lukashenka?
Global Voices (GV) interviewed Belarusian activist, singer, poet and translator of Ukrainian literature, and also GV contributor, Aleś Plotka (who uses the artist name of Baisan) to explain how a new book project he took part in might build new ties between the literary worlds of Belarus and Ukraine in the current context of war, autocracy (in Belarus) and often destroyed cultural bridges.
The book, called “Bloodlands 20/22 Belarus/Ukraine,” consists of about 20 poems and texts in Belarusian, and two texts in Ukrainian dedicated to the Belarusian revolution of 2020 and Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine.
Aleś Plotka (AP): Indeed, now is the time to build bridges of both Belarusan Plotka prefers to use this spelling and Ukrainian literatures towards the rest of the world, and as a priority to the West.
The main surprise for us is that the West, which has great academic programs of post-colonialism, is brave enough to reflect on its own colonialism, but prefers not to apply postcolonial lenses to Belarus or Ukraine.
This situation is in fact much more brutal: while India was colonized, London never tried to establish a message saying Indians are actually Brits, which is exactly what Russia is doing, denying the existence of Belarusans and Ukrainians.
And although there are Belarusan combatants fighting for Ukraine, railway guerillas inside Belarus to deter the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and those who help as volunteers, as I do, my passport remains the second most hated in Ukraine.
Belarusan culture is not given media attention now, unlike in 2020 during the mass protests in the country.
The most Westernized voice of Belarus is the poet Valzhyna Mort, who describes Belarus through the language of American studies and narratives.
There are also stand-alone “ambassadors” who integrate Belarus into particular contexts such as Max Shchur in the Czech Republic, Dzmitry Plax in Sweden, Tatsiana Zamirouskaja in the US, but they don’t form a community.
For more on Valzhyna Mort, read This is a partisan movement of a partisan nation: A Belarusian poet reflects on her homeland's turmoil
FN: Belarus as a state is both a victim and a tool of Russia's aggression in both Belarus and Ukraine.
The texts were all ready on my side, including a couple written in Ukrainian and five translations of Ukrainian poets.
All the profits from this book go to the rehabilitation center “Lanka,” organized by Belarusans in Ukraine.
Asked to select a poem of the book that embodies the project, Plotka chose the following one, co-translated with Corinne Leech, which talks about the city of Bucha, the place of a major massacre of Ukrainian civilians by Russian troops:
This is fast nowadays, no need to pay the artist, just choose a music vibe for this Tik-Tok upload.
Someone at the end of the street is dragging the mattress by the edge 1.
Will be listening to the choir of the raped.
Rationalize evil and figure out the details of the maniac’s soul,
FN: As a an artist using Belarusian yet living in exile, do you see a parallel Belarusian culture developing?
AP: Belarusan culture now exists in two versions: émigré and underground inside Belarus where people experience the most brutal repression since the Stalinist purges of the 1930s.
One can study and read in English a “Czech Dreambook” as an example.
I don’t feel myself limited and obliged to shut the fuck up while speaking about my colleagues, and I send my respect to artists of the underground, and state that their work, unknown for now, will shine someday.
Many in the LGBTQ+ community are subject to the same fate or even worse.
A watershed moment for the community came in the last election when three self-identified LGBTQ+ people won MP seats.
Of that number, the three self-identified LGBTQ+ MPs made up only 0.63 percent of the total.
Last month, however, another win for the Thai LGBTQ+ community was tallied when Move Forward’s Paramee “Juang” Waichongcharoen, a trans woman and party list MP candidate, was elected.
The opposition party clinched the most number of seats in the parliamentary election, which saw the defeat of military-backed candidates.
Having spent most of her life working in education, the MP designate is tasked with steering the party’s education policy.
Growing up in a run-down neighborhood near Wat Soi Thong in Bang Sue, Paramee realized from a young age the importance of education as a tool for betterment in life.
Although the university has relaxed many of its strict rules in recent years, a conservative agenda prevails, especially in some faculties that attach themselves to institutionalism.
Although the Faculty is known by insiders to have hosted countless LGBTQ+ students throughout its existence, some faculty members still insist that students dress according to their biological sex and “behave accordingly.” The tradition was prevalent in Paramee’s day when she had to wear a short hair wig.
The rule was recently repealed in 2020 after a transgender student filed an appeal to the Faculty's governing body.
That sums up the fate of transgender students who wish to pursue a typical career trajectory in education.
If you want to be a teacher in the Thai system, you either conform to gender stereotypes, or you are shown the door.
Therefore, in 1993 when she graduated with a Bachelor of Education degree, and most of her peers went on to become career teachers, she chose to reject the traditional route and instead became a tutor and private teacher.
Having lived through the painful experience of hiding who she was, she hopes she can advocate for a more tolerant education system in which people of all genders can live according to their chosen lifestyle without being discriminated against.
A trans woman who becomes a civil servant cannot dress as a woman.
It is still like this in a number of ministries, not just in the Ministry of Education.
To make this a reality, she will start with the law, studying rules and regulations for opportunities for adjustment and gradually effect changes.
Not just in the state sector, the private sector sometimes does not dare give LGBT in big conservative organizations the ability to display the gender they choose.
In her role as an MP, she will also help steer gender-inclusive policies with other MPs from the LGBTQ+ community.
Although it is an uphill battle to reach a fully inclusive society, she believes it will gradually change through dialogue and open discussion.
In September 1953, the newspaper Correio da Manhã ran a competition calling for proposals for a new kit for the Brazilian national football team.
Three years after the team lost a World Cup at home against Uruguay, in the episode known as the Maracanazo, this was an attempt to give a new look to Brazil's most important outfit.
The requirement was to use the national flag’s colours in place of white, which was already used by other teams.
A 19-year-old who lived near Brazil's southern border with the country that caused the so-called “Maracanazo” defeat, and who sympathized with the Uruguayans, began to sketch some ideas on paper.
The yellow shirt, the “canarinho,” created by Aldyr Garcia Schlee, was the chosen one and it turned into one of the most iconic in world football.
After 70 years the Brazilian jersey, which has had several versions and seen five world titles since, has become a symbol used by right-wing and far-right protesters in Brazil, something very distant from Schlee’s life.
Schlee's son, who bears the same name as his father, Aldyr Rosenthal Schlee, spoke with Global Voices about his father's experiences as a journalist, illustrator, academic, writer, and pro-democracy activist.
“It's a very sad thing to see what happened, because my father — politically, obviously — would never have sided with the people who have been wearing this shirt lately,” Rosenthal Schlee said.
The creator of the shirt which became a national symbol was born in Jaguarão, in Rio Grande do Sul, on the border between southern Brazil and Uruguay, which today has around 26,000 residents.
Raised in the middle of two cultures, as a teenager he moved to the Brazilian city of Pelotas, about 140 kilometres away.
It was there that Aldyr raised his family and began a journalistic career, illustrating goals from matches in a local newspaper.
As a doctor of humanities, he was a university professor, founded a university and a newspaper, and won awards in journalism and literature.
The younger Aldyr observed that, as it was a time when the sport did not yet attract large amounts of money, the prize for and the public reaction to the shirt's creation were not that significant.
We can't imagine football of the 1950s (with the importance it had at that time) given the importance it has today.
As well as having his drawing chosen, Schlee got an internship at the newspaper that organized the competition in Rio de Janeiro.
He describes his father as a defender of democracy, who always “stood against anything totalitarian,” such as the military dictatorship in Brazil which followed the 1964 coup d'état.
On one occasion, he was accused of being a communist because he had shown his university students a text “that spoke of the way the Constitution was being violated with how the situation was at that moment,” as he recalls:
A student took the text to her father, who gave it to an Army captain who was a relative of theirs … As a result, my father was accused of being a communist, he had to face Military Police Investigations (IPMs), questioned about subversion and the positions that he always took.
The son also noted that the repression and censorship of the time had a direct impact on Schlee's academic career, and prevented him from defending his doctoral thesis, which discussed peoples’ right to self-determination:
This only improved when the dictatorship was nearing its end, in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Founder of the Faculty of Journalism at the Catholic University of Pelotas (UCPel), Aldyr was left outside of the institution during the years of military rule.
Design by Aldyr Schlee sent in 1953 to the competition which would develop into the Brazilian national team's shirt | Image: personal archive / used with permission
“The little yellow shirt” as a right-wing tool
In 2015, the yellow shirt began appearing at protests against the government of then-President Dilma Rousseff (PT, Workers’ Party).
With the rise of the far-right politician Jair Bolsonaro (now in the PL, Liberal Party), the kit was increasingly appropriated by conservatives and his supporters.
I even talk to my wife a lot about it and she takes a position — which I think is the most intelligent — which is that we can't give up on this shirt.
Even cheering for the Brazilian national team at the World Cup was very difficult.
With the 2022 presidential elections, the victory of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva (PT) and the World Cup, the debate on the change in the meaning of the canarinho shirt intensified, with rappers, Black movements, and favela residents seeking to reclaim the kit, as reported by the outlet UOL.
About a week after Lula's inauguration and with the invasion by Bolsonaro supporters of the three centres of power in Brasilia, on January 8, the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) also addressed  the political use of the shirt:
The shirt of the Brazilian national team is a symbol of our people's joy.
Last November, shortly before the World Cup, CBF had already started a campaign to stop the shirt's use by the right.
At the time, Bolsonaro supporters were camping out around the country, questioning the election result.
Schlee's son, however, is skeptical about the possibility of reclaiming its meaning in the current context:
Today, when I see someone on the street with the shirt, I get wary.
In 2018, Schlee joked that he would choose a new all-brown kit for the country, as “it was all crap.”
All my father's works are based in the region between Jaguarão and Rio Branco, between the far south of Brazil and the northeast of Uruguay.
This is the difference I make: between Aldyr Schlee, the kid who was born there and came to Pelotas later, who was to be a cartoonist/journalist, and the writer who was trapped — and wanted to be trapped — in that microregion.
He is the one who always said that the region there is just one land: it is even the title of one of his books.
A day after his death, Brazil played Uruguay in a friendly match in England, the country where football was created.
A posthumous tribute was held, with a minute's silence and an image of Schlee displayed on the screen in the Emirates Stadium in London.
Aldyr Schlee loved not only field football, but also table-top football — a passion passed to the first child who today, like his father, participates in sports championships.
A minute's silence in London for Aldyr Schlee, responsible for creating the Brazilian national team's shirt.
The gaucho died yesterday at the age of 83, in Pelotas.
As Zimbabwe heads for elections in August this year, electoral watchdogs continue to implore the government to implement meaningful electoral reforms such as availing the digital version of the voters’ roll.
However, the body charged with election administration, the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) is firmly resisting these calls citing the need to comply with the Cyber and Data Protection Act 2021.
In the interests of transparency and public interest, the conduct of electoral officials has only served to impugn the credibility and integrity of the whole electoral process.
Although physical copies of the voters’ roll can be accessed at the ZEC offices, stakeholders argue that the digital version is vulnerable to manipulation by political actors with an interest in determining the electoral outcome.
In April this year, ZEC chairperson Priscilla Chigumba told parliament that releasing the electronic version of the voters’ roll, as demanded by opposition political parties, would violate the Cyber and Data Protection Act.
Chigumba said that the cyber law has placed additional responsibilities on the commission in terms of the format in which data should be disseminated to the public, in order to protect voters’ personal data.
She added that there is need to ensure that the Electoral Act be aligned with the Cyber and Data Protection Act in the interests of ensuring that voters have ready access to the voters roll while guarding the public from identity theft.
Her remarks to parliament come shortly after the High Court rejected a lawsuit by Harare North member of parliament Allan Markham, of the main opposition party Citizens Coalition for Change (CCC), seeking to compel ZEC to release the electronic version of the voters’ roll for inspection and audit.
In a ruling, Justice Never Katiyo concurred with ZEC that releasing the digital version of the roll would compromise the security of its database.
Markham has since taken the matter to the Supreme Court.
However, civil society groups accuse the election management body of deliberately violating the constitution, under the guise of complying with the cyber law.
Section 11 (5) (h) of the Cyber and Data Protection Act provides that a Data Controller, in this instance ZEC, shall process sensitive data if the processing of data is authorised by a law or any regulation for any other reason constituting substantial public interest.
Furthermore, Section 21 (3) of Zimbabwe’s Electoral Act authorises ZEC to “…within a reasonable period of time provide any person who requests it, and who pays the prescribed fee a copy of any voters’ roll either in printed or in electronic form as the person may request.”
However, the ZEC has a consistent track record of denying opposition parties and the public access to the voters’ roll.
In a statement, independent watchdog, the Election Resource Centre (ERC) argued that ZEC is legally obligated by both laws to avail voters roll data as it constitutes substantial public interest, and its availability is necessary for electoral participation and the realisation of political rights.
“The continued denial of the voters roll especially to persons with a legitimate interest in the voters roll and free and fair elections…under the guise of data protection is unlawful and detrimental to the credibility of the 2023 harmonised elections,” the ERC said.
In emailed responses to a Global Voices enquiry, human rights lawyer Nompilo Simanje pointed out that the feedback from ZEC as represented by Chigumba highlights a critical legal issue that there is a need for harmonisation of laws.
“While access to the voters’ roll is provided for in terms of the Electoral laws, ZEC indeed also has obligations in terms of the Cyber and Data Protection Act which places obligations on the use, transmission and dissemination of data,” she said.
Simanje said that this is an issue where a balance has to be found between promoting access to information and promoting the right to privacy.
Popular Zimbabwean journalist Hopewell Chin’ono tweeted that without a voters’ roll, the election is already rigged in favour of the ruling party ZANU PF.
The stakes remain very high for the ZANU PF government, as elections slated for August draw closer.
FAZ has been allocated USD 10 million to prepare for the elections, although the arrangement is not constitutional.
In April this year, a number of eligible voters received accurately targeted campaign SMS messages from the ruling party, with details such as voters’ full names and where message recipients had registered to vote.
These personal data breaches, being administered under a biometric voting system, pose a substantial threat to citizens’ freedom of expression, privacy and political association rights.
The group also alleges that ZEC is deliberately refusing to avail the digital version of the voters’ roll for auditing in order to manipulate the electoral outcome.
In the tweet, the group alleges that ZANU PF political operatives are moving voters en masse from rural areas to urban areas, where the opposition has always held strong political support.
In the run-up to the country’s 2018 elections, the then main opposition party, the Movement for Democratic Change Alliance, raised concern over significant data security breaches in relation to the election.
These ranged from selective access to voters’ personal data, voters receiving bulk campaign SMS texts from the ruling party, the integrity of voters’ biometric data, and the failure of ZEC to fully divulge the ballot paper’s hidden technological capabilities and security features.
In a research paper titled “Dynamic data obfuscation ahead of Zimbabwe’s elections” technology and law expert Arthur Gwagwa posits that, in the case of Zimbabwe, a pattern is emerging where the country is gradually acquiring outsourced biometric based technologies, often from China, sometimes to control when such information can be accessed and under which conditions.
He notes that the government may encrypt or use similar technologies to hide information that gives it an advantage, while it uses information security doctrine and rule by law to cement its position.
On May 31, Kazakhstan revisited the darkest period of its history as it commemorated victims of Stalinist repressions and famine that took place in the 1930s in the country.
In 1997, the government marked May 31 as the Day of Remembrance of Victims of Political Repression, raising awareness about the millions of victims oppressed by Soviet authorities in Kazakhstan.
Speaking on the importance of this day, Kazakhstan’s president Kassym-Jomart Tokayev stated that “the crimes of totalitarianism have left a deep mark on the consciousness” of the Kazakhstani people and it is important “to continue studying these dark pages of history, restoring justice to all the innocent victims.”
In 2020, Tokayev established the State Commission for the Complete Rehabilitation of Victims of Political Repression.
The decision to establish this commission came 17 years after the government adopted the Law on the rehabilitation of mass political repressions in 1993, which was one of the very first laws adopted after Kazakhstan gained independence in 1991.
Kazakhstan was one of the countries hit hardest by political repression and collectivization and dekulakization, which consisted of dispossesing wealthy peasants of their land and other property, policies of the Soviet authorities.
Millions of people from various parts of the Soviet Union were forcefully deported to Kazakhstan, and the country became an integral part of the Gulag system as the host of several major prison labor camps such as Steplag, Karlag, and ALZHIR.
The most tragic period in Kazakhstan’s history was the 1930s, when the mass famine and political repression of local intelligentsia and property owners led to millions of deaths, large-scale outward migration, and radical transformation of social, political, and economic structures.
By the beginning of the 18th century, the Kazakh khanate was separated into three zhuz (hordes): great, middle, and little.
By 1742, the remaining Middle and Great Hordes also became protectorates, and by 1848 the khanates of all three hordes were abolished, surrendering whatever autonomy remained in the hands of local rulers.
In 1920, the Soviet government established the Kirghiz Autonomous Oblast on the territory of Kazakhstan, which was renamed Kazakh ASSR in 1925.
Kazakhstan became a constituent republic of the Soviet Union in 1936.
As with other constituent regions of the Soviet Union, Kazakhstan fell victim to political repression, collectivization, and dekulakization policies throughout the late 1920s and 1930s.
The peak period of these repressions was in 1928 when the Alash Orda party members, representing Kazakhstan’s political and cultural elite, were liquidated as “bourgeois nationalists.” Those who managed to avoid death sentences in 1928 were tried again in 1937, facing either death or lengthy prison sentences in labor camps.
In the process of repressions, the Soviet government stripped the country of its indigenous political leaders and aspirations of any meaningful regional autonomy.
Here is a YouTube video on the leaders of the Alash Orda party.
The worst came in 1931–1933, when Kazakhstan was hit by the most devastating famine in its history.
By 1930, Soviet Union’s collectivization and dekulakization policies, which were launched in the late 1920s, resulted in a shortage of food supplies throughout its territory.
Kazakhstan became the primary region where the Kremlin extracted meat for its army and major cities and formed strategic food reserves.
In the period of five years, between 1928 and 1933, the number of animals in the country decreased by 90 percent, from 40.5 million to 4.5 million.
The famine claimed somewhere between one and a half to three million lives, with 90 percent of victims being ethnic Kazakhs.
Here is a YouTube video on the famine in Kazakhstan in 1931–1933.
Although the famine in Kazakhstan has not been recognized as genocide, as it does not fit the criteria, scholars agree that its outcomes were no less devastating.
Kazakhstan was notorious for being one of the primary destination countries for deportees and political prisoners in the Soviet Union.
The Soviet authorities viewed the local use of land and resources by nomads as irrational and sought to turn Kazakhstan into an agricultural and industrial region with the help of prisoners and deportees skilled in agriculture and engineering.
The country was home to 11 prison labor camps within the Gulag system, spread across different regions.
The majority of them were victims of political repression and fell under the category of “enemies of the people.” The largest camp was Karlag, located in central Kazakhstan.
Between 1931 and 1959, nearly 1 million people went through this camp, which — with an area of 2 million hectares — was the size of Israel.
Here is a YouTube video on the history of Karlag.
Steplag was another infamous camp and carried a special status as the prison for those who were convicted of treason, spying, and other political crimes.
It was opened in 1938 as the prison for family members of the so-called “traitors of the homeland,” namely, wives, sisters, and mothers of political prisoners.
About 8,000 prisoners went through the camp, which was one of the four largest female prisons in the Soviet Union.
Most of them were ethnic groups from various parts of the Soviet Union, who were deemed unreliable and nationalistic and seen as a threat.
The ethnic deportations started in the mid-1930s with ethnic groups living in border regions, such as Koreans in the east, Finns, Germans, and Polish in the west, and Kurds, Iranians, and Jews in the south.
The next wave came during and in the aftermath of World War II and included mass deportations of Chechen and Ingush people, Crimean Tatars, and Ukrainians, among others.
Here is a YouTube video on the deportation of Chechen and Ingush people to Kazakhstan.
Political repression and famine left a deep mark on the people of Kazakhstan.
One of the current-day outcomes of repression is the fact that the country is home to 124 nationalities.
The tragic events from the decades-long dark period of history require thorough research for rehabilitating victims.
Last Saturday, in a room filled with farm workers from California's Central Valley, the essential gesture of science was of a community coming together and finding joy in the quest to survive extreme temperatures in the fields.
Ivan and I had just climbed thousands of feet on our bicycles, riding 70 miles from Sequoia National Park in scorching temperatures of around 95 F (36 C) to the headquarters of the Central California Environmental Justice Network (CCEJN) in a business park outside the Fresno airport.
We were covered in road dust, famished, and dehydrated, and when we sat down to dinner with a dozen farm workers, we were humbled to learn that the others in the room had experienced the same harsh temperatures all day.
Nayamin Martinez, director of CCEJN, one of the beneficiaries of our bicycle ride's fundraising efforts, explained that the farmworkers were community scientists, people who organize community-driven investigations of scientific questions by collecting data, testing theories, and using that data to create change.
According to a Public Broadcasting Service investigation, heat-related deaths among farm workers are common and undercounted, and federal standards on heat protections in the fields still years away.
California requires employers to provide water, rest, shade, and training, but the workers we spoke to said they often don't provide the basic protections.
Across the hundreds of miles we rode through the fields of the Central Valley, we don't remember seeing a single shade tent.
Over a dinner of lo mein and fresh apricots from the field, farm worker Eduviges shared her routine: wake up at 3am, make food for the kids, then drive, often several hours, to pick cherries, grape leaves, apricots, blueberries, or other fruit.
Starting in the early morning and often continuing through sundown, workers fill boxes and buckets with fruits and are paid by the container.
Pay varies widely—one farmer might pay $7 for a 25-pound bucket while another might require a 35-pound bucket—so workers are constantly asking family for leads, checking social media, and even talking to strangers at the gas station to find new opportunities.
In 2018, a group at the University of California, Davis, estimated that workers earned roughly $20,000 a year on average, less than the minimum wage.
A new California law requires that employers pay workers the minimum wage, including breaks, overtime, and sometimes travel time.
But according to new research by the Community and Labor Center at the University of California, Merced, employers often ignore this law.
As we ate dinner and shared stories, I was reminded of the lines about the heat in “The Migrant’s Song”, a 1960s Farmworker movement song composed by Peter Krug and performed by Chicano artists Agustín Lira and Danny Valdez:
Soon in the long rows the swift hands are toiling
In the day's growing heat, in the dusty rows boiling
The song also expresses the hopes and joys that motivate people to work in the fields despite the conditions:
When there's crops in the field rows and grapes in the vineyards
When the limbs in the orchards bow down to the ground
There's food on the table, there's clothes for the children
“Nosotras somos chingonas,” said one of the women at the table, to a mix of laughs and appreciative nods at this reclaiming of a sexist slur to express pride in being “badass women.” But even badass women get heat stroke, which can cause catastrophic damage to the brain, heart, kidney, and muscles.
By the time people make it to the hospital it's sometimes too late.
That is the question that brought the “chingonas” of the Central Valley together that Saturday night in Fresno after a long day of work.
After dinner and introductions, Nayamin Martinez talked about the need for strategies and equipment to keep workers safe and cool while maintaining a high level of output.
After reviewing the science, CCEJN had found some potential solutions for staying cool in the fields, from packable hats and heat-wicking neck gaiters to an intriguing-looking neck-fan that could run for hours on a battery.
They are by far the dorkiest item of clothing I own, but over the years they have saved me hundreds of dollars and protected me from heat-stroke—and possibly skin cancer—on long rides in the sun.
You are the lived-experience experts in your line of work, Nayamin told the group, and we want your reviews of these products.
She distributed the items around the room and we tried them on.
At dinner we bonded over stories about my Guatemalan father's migration to the US, our shared passion for indigenous language translation and advocacy, and the similarities between my and their own children’s experience of prejudice in the education system.
We discussed the experience of living with asthma in one of the most polluted parts of the United States.
We also share something even more fundamental: the physical reality of bodies surviving extended exertion in a world of dangerously rising temperatures.
As we exchanged cool clothing ideas and discussed the science of heat, I was reminded of one of the strangest machines I’d come across when writing my PhD chapter on the history of community science and activism.
The sock-testing machine was one of the very first scientific instruments developed by Consumer Reports, a product-testing advocacy organization established in the 1930s, during an ecosystem collapse that sent hundreds of thousands of climate migrants into California's Central Valley a century ago.
When my middle-class college students see the machine, their reaction is astonishment that anyone would need scientific testing on the durability of socks.
But for displaced farmworkers in the 1930s who spent so much time on foot, data on durable, reliable clothing in an era of false advertising would have been life-changing.
Ninety years after the Dust Bowl, farmworkers in the Central Valley are continuing to lead this tradition of science to study, extend, and relieve the extremes of human endurance in hostile environments.
By gathering for dinner to test ways of protecting themselves, the farmworker community scientists and organizers were developing workable solutions, growing relationships across the Central Valley, imagining health as a common policy challenge, and alerting powerful institutions about their needs.
Gelje Sherpa, a professional mountaineer and guide from Nepal, accomplished a remarkable rescue operation on May 18th by saving a Malaysian climber on Mount Everest.
According to a government official, this “very rare” rescue mission took place at an extremely high altitude where oxygen levels are very low.
The area is commonly called the “Death Zone” due to its treacherous conditions and the significant number of fatalities that occur there.
On May 18th, while leading a Chinese climber toward the summit of Mount Everest (8,849 meters or 29,032 feet), Gelje Sherpa made a significant discovery — a stranded Malaysian climber on the verge of succumbing to freezing temperatures.
In order to save the climber’s life, Gelje persuaded his Chinese client to end his summit and descend to the Everest Base Camp, allowing him to focus on saving the stranded Malaysian climber’s life.
In an interview with Guardian News, Gelje mentioned that it was more important to save a life than going for the summit.
He carried the stranded climber on his back from 1,900 feet at an extreme altitude; the rescue took about six hours.
Gelje wrote in his Instagram account about the rescue: “I carried him myself all the way down to Camp 4 where a rescue team helped from then on.”
However, there appears to be one individual who is not very happy about the rescue: the Malaysian climber himself, Ravichandran Tharumalingam.
In an Instagram post, Tharumalingam took the opportunity to express gratitude toward his sponsors, failing to mention Gelje Sherpa.
As the situation escalated, Tharumalingam posted another message expressing gratitude toward the Sherpas who played a part in his rescue, including Gelje Sherpa.
Eight of the top ten highest mountain peaks in the world are located in Nepal, making it a popular destination for mountaineers.
The climbing of Mount Everest, revered as the ultimate test for mountaineers, is never complete without a remarkable group of professionals in Nepal known as Sherpas.
Often mistaken as mere porters, the Sherpas come from an ethnic community deeply rooted in Nepal’s culture and history.
Their community has lived in mountainous regions for generations and has mastered the ability to survive in this challenging atmosphere on a daily basis.
They assist in establishing camps, cook for the expedition teams, carry oxygen supplies to the camps, and provide guidance and support throughout the arduous journey to the Everest summit.
They are the backbone of any expedition and they are some of the world’s best athletes.
Not only do they guide the climbers to the summit, but they often take heroic risks to save other climbers.
Regrettably, the Sherpas remain largely unknown to the world, often overshadowed and incorrectly perceived as mere porters.
These porters shoulder an immense burden, carrying over thirty kilograms of weight per person to the base camp.
There are many record-breaking Sherpa mountaineers who have taken the Himalayan Expedition to the international level and given more recognition.
Nepal, despite its potential to lead the global mountaineering arena, faces challenges due to the lack of robust government support and adequate human resources.
Like most African countries, Cameroon has a history of switching diplomatic relations from the Republic of China (ROC in Taiwan) to the People's Republic of China (Beijing).
Taiwan's overall presence in Africa is limited to full diplomatic relations with Eswatini, as well as having a Special Representative Office in Somaliland, a country that, like Taiwan, is recognized by few countries, and not a UN member.
To understand African perceptions of Taiwan, but also of China, Global Voices spoke to Cameroonian scholar Dr Richard Atimniraye Nyelade, who is currently pursuing a second doctorate in anthropology at the University of Ottawa in Canada.
He is now based in Taiwan as a fellow from the Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Canada's Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council, and his research interests center around the intersections of politics, international relations, and ethnic studies.
Led by nationalists such as Um Nyobè, Ernest Oundié, Félix Moumié, and their comrades under the Cameroon Populations Union (CPU) party in the 1950s, France and Great Britain were compelled to concede a relative independence of the country in January 1960.
Relative independence because the remnants of the influence Western powers continue to affect Africa, with the dominance of military bases and multinational companies, and interference in domestic affairs.
During the struggle for independence, France resisted granting full autonomy to its colony and supported the establishment of a pro-Western capitalist government.
Initially, the pro-Western government in Cameroon refused to establish diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China and instead recognized Taiwan as the legitimate government of China.
This decision was influenced by the political climate of the time.
This significant change in recognition marked a notable break in Cameroon's diplomatic stance with the Republic of China (Taiwan).
In the present day, the traces of Taiwan's influence in Cameroon are limited.
The primary visible impact is through the presence of “made in Taiwan” appliances.
The diplomatic shift to the People's Republic of China has reshaped the relationship between Cameroon and Taiwan, reducing the direct influence of Taiwan within the country.
What are the main topics of research from the Taiwanese side?
RAN: To the best of my knowledge, there are no dedicated African Studies centers in Taiwan, and the number of Taiwanese scholars focusing on Africa is limited.
However, notable works like “Peking versus Taipei in Africa” by Wei Liang-Tsai and “The United Nations from a Racial Perspective: China's Representation: U.S., Africa, and Taiwan Agricultural Aid, 1961-1971″ by Professor Liu Xiao Peng shed light on past research interests, although recent focus seems to have shifted.
Unfortunately, Taiwan, like many capitalist-oriented regimes, faces the risk of falling into extractivism — a practice that prioritizes the extraction and export of raw materials with minimal consideration for people, cultures, and the environment.
RAN: China's influence in Cameroon is evident through the establishment of Confucius Centers, the inclusion of Chinese language in the secondary school curriculum, infrastructure projects, commercial developments, and a notable presence of Chinese nationals.
However, since China's market economy opened up under Deng Xiaoping's leadership in 1979, the country has transitioned into a capitalist nation driven by a hunger for power, profit, and expansion.
This transformation is disheartening, especially when considering that China itself experienced a century of humiliation by the West from 1849 to 1949.
It is troubling to witness China's seeming insensitivity to Africa's ongoing post-traumatic slave and colonialism condition, engaging in unfair contracts that exploit Africa similarly to the West, albeit with less militarism but the similar level of hypocrisy, greed and racism.
Throughout history, the Black African community has been subjected to relentless humiliation by cultures that have shown a heartless disregard for universal human dignity and genuine friendship.
The enduring scars of the Arab slave trade spanning thirteen centuries, the extensive four centuries of Western slave trade, colonialism, and neocolonialism, along with the oppressive rise of China's imperialism, have inflicted great suffering upon Africa.
Despite these deep and painful wounds, the very same aggressors are now embarking on a new scramble for the continent, with the intention of dismantling it completely.
In closing, I would like to share a thought-provoking quote from Frank Wilderson III, a prominent figure in the development of Afro-pessimism from his book “Afropessimism”: “(…) White and non-Black subjectivity cannot be imbued with the capacity for self knowledge and intersubjective community without anti-Black violence; without, that is, the violence of social death.
Since 1984, Belizean stakeholders have worked together to protect the natural environment under an ad hoc agreement known as co-management, and recently, their efforts were further formalised by the government of Belize, under a new Protected Areas Co-management Framework.
In doing so, it was yet another signal of Belize’s embrace of public-private partnerships, which help ensure the ecological integrity and long-term sustainability of the country’s natural environment.
As of March 16 this year, a total of 16 of 36 site agreements have been signed and will be managed under the new framework.
Though Belize is roughly the same size as the U.S. state of New Jersey, there are 103 protected areas under its vast National Protected Areas System (NPAS).
While Belize’s natural assets are a source of pride, they also form a substantial and vital part of the country’s economy.
Tourism contributes to an estimated 45 per cent of the country’s gross domestic product (GDP), compared to the Caribbean average of 15.2 percent of GDP, and is used as a tool for funding the direct management of these parks, by way of entrance fees and more.
When leaving Belize, each visitor is charged a USD 20 conservation fee as part of the country’s departure tax.
The revenue generated from these taxes directly contributes to the Protected Areas Conservation Trust (PACT) fund as their primary financing.
Over time, PACT evolved from a grant-funding mechanism into Belize’s accredited national implementing entity (NIE) of the Adaptation Fund.
PACT is the Caribbean’s second — and Belize’s first — National Direct Access Entity of the Green Climate Fund.
With the need to maintain the integrity of protected areas, co-managers are turning to flexible management practices such as scenario planning and adaptive management.
The BAS has a biodiversity monitoring program in some of Belize’s most topologically biodiverse sites.
Other groups, like the Friends for Conservation and Development, meticulously guard the wilds of the Chiquibul National Park against illegal Scarlet Macaw poachers.
By September 2022 (the end of the Scarlet Macaw nesting season), a total of 24 macaws made it to the wild, thanks to the 13 volunteers assisting in the arduous work and bio-monitoring of the FCD Research Unit.
Marine Protected Areas (MPAs) are managed by the government through the Fisheries Department, while national parks and wildlife sanctuaries are co-managed.
On December 1, 2022, the Ministry of Sustainable Development, Climate Change, and Disaster Risk Management officially entered into a formal public-private partnership with conservation partners like BAS.
The society is Belize’s oldest conservation non-governmental organisation, with seven sites under their protection including the world’s first jaguar sanctuary and renowned Great Blue Hole.
The group is the co-manager of the Chiquibul National Park’s 423,000 acres of tropical forest.
Estimated to be four times the size of Barbados, the park is the largest protected area in Belize, and houses the largest cave system in Central America.
Recently, The Nature Conservancy (TNC) and its partners closed a USD 76.5 million deal to protect 236,000 acres of rainforest in northern Belize known as the Belize Maya Forest.
Together with the neighbouring Rio Bravo Conservation and Management Area, which TNC helped establish in 1989, the forest will anchor an 11 million-acre network of protected land.
The BAS has been working with the communities in the Maya Forest since 1969.
Whether it’s the Maya Mountain Honey Group bee-keeping, or bird guiding inside high-priority Global Important Bird Areas (IBAs), the efforts have focused on building the capacity of local groups.
According to Amanda Burgos-Acosta, executive director of the Belize Audubon Society, “We want to support the people who live in and around the site and embrace their role as responsible stewards.
More than four decades since designating its first protected area under the National Park Systems Act in 1982, Belize continues to make substantial headway in the field of environmental conservation with policies that protect the wealth of the country’s natural assets.
No longer just a gentleman’s agreement, the co-management framework is a validation of the work of stakeholders both within and beyond the boundaries of parks.
Food exports are vital to the economy of St. Vincent and the Grenadines, but in recent years, despite ongoing efforts to strengthen the country’s food security, farmers have had to contend with the effects of climate change.
Farming has been Admarie Bobb’s main source of income for over 10 years, but keeping up with the changing weather patterns in Greggs and Richland Park, the areas she farms in St. Vincent, has become a struggle.
Production of substantial yields during the dry season, for examples, has been increasingly difficult, and her attempts to boost irrigation have fallen short as crops either wither away in the blistering heat, or fail to produce sufficient harvests.
During recent droughts, Bobb said it has also been a challenge to feed her herds of sheep and cattle, as the grass doesn’t grow sufficiently on the mountain during the dry season.
While the intense heat of the dry season makes growing crops like potatoes and cucumbers challenging, the intensity of rainfall during the wet season has affected the ability to grow crops like christophene and tomatoes, to the point where many of her peers have stopped farming.
Commonly called the “breadbasket of the Caribbean,” Guyana has normally been able to produce a variety of produce and meet a substantial amount of its food needs, but in 2021, farmers failed to meet market demands.
For weeks — and even months in some areas — floods inundated farms, resulting in the loss of a substantial amount of crops.
This led to a high demand for quality produce, causing a significant increase in food prices.
The cost of celery, shallot, bora, callaloo, cabbage, pumpkin, and ground provisions, all staples of a Guyanese diet, skyrocketed, as did the prices of other produce, including sweet peppers and eggplants.
Yog Mahadeo, a consultant to the Guyana Consumers Association, said the effects of climate change on food production and prices continue to place a strain on consumers.
After all, the effects of climate change, whether floods or droughts, have a ripple effect that will continue to impact various aspects of society.
The challenges faced by small-scale farmers underscore the urgent need for global efforts to mitigate climate change and its detrimental effects on all aspects of the food supply chain.
A jaguar that is allegedly venturing out of the wild and attacking people's pets and livestock in Palo Seco, a town in southern Trinidad, is causing havoc — at least on social media.
Based on “a viral video about a dog being wounded by the deadly animal,” the Trinidad and Tobago Newsday published the story on June 5.
The sources the newspaper cited appeared to rely on conjecture and rumour.
Jaguars are the national animal of Guyana, a Caribbean Community (CARICOM) nation on the northern South American mainland and are not considered part of the endemic fauna of Trinidad and Tobago.
However, for years they have been smuggled into the country as part of the black market trade in exotic animals, where large sums of money are paid for birds, monkeys and other species.
On May 31, authorities seized at least 33 exotic birds, three caimans and a young jaguar from an abandoned campsite in Diego Martin, in the northwest of the island.
Minister of Agriculture, Land and Fisheries Kazim Hosein, commenting on the discovery, issued a “stern warning that the illegal wildlife trade will not be tolerated”:
As Newsday continued to run the story, social media channels were abuzz with talk of another alleged jaguar sighting in south Trinidad, which the ministry was careful to say it could not confirm.
Officials pleaded with the public to refrain from peddling rumours and sharing unsubstantiated reports, which it said “will fuel panic.” Both Minister Hosein and Conservator of Forests Denny Dipchansingh said that the juvenile jaguar that had been found on the campsite was being quarantined at the Emperor Valley Zoo in the capital, Port of Spain.
By June 6, a resident of Palo Seco, Ramesh Ramroop, claimed he had not only spotted a jaguar but had also been attacked by it.
The Facebook group Hunters Search and Rescue Team, which says it is based in Guyana, posted images and a “report” of the scratches Ramroop ostensibly sustained, but the update was so poorly worded and the photos of the injuries lacking such credibility that many netizens scoffed at the story.
One Facebook user even quipped that Ramroop's “scrapes” more closely resembled “a cougar attack from Double Palm.” Double Palm Inn is a popular short-stay hotel chain in Trinidad.
Local businesses soon got into the action, with one brand of rum claiming it had “more bite than a jaguar,” and a home décor store owner promoting a sale by pulling out a bolt of animal print fabric and joking that the jaguar was hiding at his establishment.
Lovell Francis wryly offered a solution to the online misinformation:
Trinidad and Tobago needs a Commissioner of Bacchanal to limit this thing to one a week because out here we cyah keep up …
As the social media frenzy heightened, users soon began circulating footage of the sedated jaguar that was rescued and sent to the zoo, wrongfully claiming it was the same one allegedly roaming the forests of Palo Seco.
Meanwhile, authorities kept reiterating that any reports of a jaguar attack remain unconfirmed, with another daily, the Trinidad and Tobago Express, wondering whether the “Big Cat” is Trinidad's version of ‘Bigfoot.”
Vallence Rambharat, leader of the local Hunters Search and Rescue Team — not the same group that shared the questionable “Jaguar Strike Human” post — has beseeched hunters to ignore calls to comb the area's forests in search of the animal, emphasising that hunting season is currently closed and hunters should be guided by the nation’s laws and advisories:
Bona fide hunters know they must have a permit to enter the forests and that permits are not issued during the closed season…Our team was included in yesterday’s data collection exercise by the Ministry of Agriculture, Lands and Fisheries.
The exercise yesterday was not to search for a jaguar but rather a data collection exercise.
The country's Forestry Division of the Ministry of Agriculture has, however, found large paw prints in a forested area and is coordinating with Zoological Society experts to assist with their classification.
Trinidad is home to the ocelot (Leopardus pardalis), a much smaller, spotted wildcat that resembles the jaguar.
Some brushed off the story as flimsy and implausible, with one Instagram page, Pothounds (a local term for strays and mongrels), posting animation that suggested even dogs, which the jaguar allegedly attacked first, simply couldn't be bothered.
Whether Trinidad's jaguar is real or a figment of the imagination, the creature now has its own Facebook page, where it has done everything from suggesting the area be renamed in its honour, to quarrelling with the neighbourhood doubles vendor for putting too much pepper in its meal.
As at the time of publishing, there had been no capture of the alleged animal.
A belated #MeToo storm hit Taiwan after a victim of sexual harassment posted a Facebook post exposing how the ruling Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) neglected or even suppressed complaints from within the party.
Amid the storm, nearly 800 DPP staffers released a joint statement opposing the party’s decision to support former Kuomingtang (KMT) spokesperson Lee Cheng-hao in his candidacy for the Yonghe district seat in the upcoming legislative yuan elections.
In response to the criticism, Lee stressed he won the court case over the dispute.
The DPP staffers cited court records and slammed him for avoiding pieces of hard evidence presented in court, which included nude photos and chat records that established the prosecution's case.
Certain details of Lee’s case resembled the fictional “Wave Makers,” a popular Netflix drama that explores gender and sexual dynamics in politics against the backdrop of a presidential election in Taiwan.
In the show, a ruling party politician, Chao Chang-ze, manipulated his staffer-mistress, Chang Ya-ching, with her nude photos.
The latter finally had the courage to expose her #MeToo story with the help of Weng Wen-fang, a lesbian political consultant from the opposition party.
The DPP staffers’ statement pointed to the Netflix drama and urged the party to stand with progressive values and stop ignoring sexual harassment inside the party under the pretext of privacy or “domestic matters.”
She was a former DPP staffer in the women's department.
The sexual harassment occurred in a vehicle when she was working for the Taiwanese district elections in September 2022.
When she filed a complaint with her supervisor, she was ignored and blamed for not “screaming out for help” or “jumping out of the car” when the harassment happened.
Another former DPP staffer from the youth department revealed on Facebook that she was pressured to resign after filing a sexual harassment complaint with her supervisor, who allegedly blamed her for seducing the perpetrator.
Within one week, Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen apologized twice to the public and stressed that the ruling party had zero tolerance for sexual harassment.
The #MeToo storm has affected not only the ruling DPP but also the pro-China KMT, as well as the civil society sector.
On June 2, one of the scriptwriters for “Wave Makers,” Chien Li-Ying, took to Facebook to claim that an exiled mainland Chinese poet Bei Ling had sexually harassed her.
The prominent writer denied it and said the allegation was fabricated, but others stood up and backed Chien’s testimony.
Also, on June 2, Lee Yuan-chun, a political activist, accused prominent Tiananmen activist Wang Dan of attempting to rape her in a hotel room in 2014 during a tour in New York City.
Currently, most analyses of the impact of the #MeToo storm are focusing on the upcoming elections as the popularity of Hou Yu-ih,  KMT’s official candidate for the 2024 Taiwanese presidential elections,  surged more than four points after he voiced support for the #MeToo movement.
Although Taiwan is a democratic country with very strong feminist and LGBTQ+ movements, the global #MeToo campaign had been absent as victims of sexual assault and harassment seldom came forward.
However, local NGOs pointed out that the data only reflected the tip of the iceberg, as typically, only 10 percent of sexual harassment victims report their cases to the authorities, as victim-blaming prevails in patriarchal Chinese communities in which people tend to prioritize the value of “relation” and “seniority” in daily interaction; hence, women and young people are very vulnerable in a hierarchical office setting.
It relies on the young generation to change the collective mindset, as pointed out by Lee Shu-Ching, a scholar of education.
The phenomena of “Himpathy” is very common in political parties, as pointed out by a widely circulated comment written by Lee Hsin Wen, a scholar of applied ethics:
The only way to address the crisis is a comprehensive change in the social system and culture, Lee stressed in her commentary.
Another widely shared commentary by Su Chih-heng, a Taiwanese writer, called for “transitional justice,” a political mechanism to resolve conflicts and address the issue of gender and sexual injustice as reflected in the #MeToo campaign:
The victims of #MeToo, like those who suffered from the White Terror Era Editor's note: the Taiwan White Terror took place between 1947–1987 when about 18,000–28,000  Taiwanese were executed or killed during crackdowns for challenging KMT’s military dictatorship, demand the most basic human rights — to be treated like a human.
The resolution of conflicts has to be based on the truth.
The perpetrators have to be accountable for their crimes and provide reparation to the victims.
To achieve a real resolution, we have to understand the setting that facilitates the unjust relationship in order to redesign the system and prevent the tragedy from repeating.
This is a “re-democratization” process under the idea of transitional justice.
After the #MeToo storm, Lee Cheng-hao announced he was withdrawing from running the legislature race.
Independent Russian media outlet “Vazhnye Istorii” Important Stories has talked to the people who were waiting to be saved from the massive flood which occurred after the destruction of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station.
The people they interviewed lived on the left bank of the river Dnipro, which is Ukrainian territory currently occupied by Russia.
Global Voices translated and republished the  shortened version of the article with permission from “Vazhnye Istorii”
Immediately following the dam destruction at the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station on the morning of June 6, a rescue mission was launched to save residents on the Ukrainian-controlled right bank of the Dnipro.
However, on the occupied left bank under Russian control, the authorities chose not to rescue everyone.
On Tuesday morning, Volodymyr Saldo, the head of the occupation administration of the Kherson region, stated that the station's destruction would have minimal impact on the region and a major evacuation was unnecessary.
